


Table of Contents

Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana 2020 List of BeneficiariesDelhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana CertificatesOpposition on Delhi CM Housing Scheme for JJ Cluster ResidentsDelhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana Background
Delhi government has started Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana (CM Housing Scheme) for residents of Jhuggi Jhopadi Clusters on 24 December 2019. The incumbent Aam Aadmi Party govt. led by CM Arvind Kejriwal assures to provide pucca houses to each and every household in Delhi CM Housing Scheme. The state govt. of National Capital of India has distributed certificates to 65,000 families living in slum clusters and these households will soon get pakka houses. People can now check their name in Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana List 2020 at delhishelterboard.in. 
CM Kejriwal said that distributed certificates under Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana 2020 will ensure that Jhuggi Jhopadi are not going to be drowned or occupied in the future. Delhi CM alleges that the previous state govt’s had not done anything for Jhuggi Jhopadi residents.
Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB) has been given the responsibility to make pucca houses for people residing in Jhuggi Jhopadi clusters.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana 2020 List of Beneficiaries
DUSIB Board had started a demand survey in June 2019 to create list of Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana 2020 beneficiaries in Delhi. The board has already identified & named 65,749 Jhuggi Jhopadi residents in Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana beneficiary list 2020. Check the complete list of beneficiaries at delhishelterboard.in. All the JJ cluster residents living in 156 slum clusters whose name appears in CM Housing Scheme list would be provided with pucca houses soon. 
The new Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana in Delhi is a matter of pride, honour and happiness for JJ residents. While CM Kejriwal gave away certificates to few families at Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana launch function in South Delhi’s Ambedkar Nagar, the rest would be distributed local MLA’s and officials in next few days. The CM Housing Scheme certificate would ensure that slums would not be broken down and occupied by any govt. authority. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

CM said that the survey work was still going on and those families which are left out of the CM Housing Scheme counting process would also be covered soon.

आज 65,000 झुग्गी परिवारों को सर्टिफिकेट दिया गया। बाक़ी सर्वे चल रहा है। झुग्गी के पड़ोस में पक्का मकान बनाकर दिया जाएगा और तब तक उनकी झुग्गी को तोड़ा नहीं जाएगा। दिल्ली के हर नागरिक के लिए इज्जत की जिंदगी मिल सके इसलिए हम हर प्रयास कर रहे हैं। pic.twitter.com/w9UeZmTAOM
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) December 24, 2019
 
Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana Certificates
The information present in CM Awas Yojana certificates would serve as safety net for Jhuggi dwellers. This info. will ensure that their shanties are not demolished by any govt. agency in the grab of getting the land vacated. The Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana Certificates would contain the following information:- 

Name of head of family
Family photograph
Code number
Survey code number by DUSIB
Voter Identity (ID) card number

These certificates will also ensure that Jhuggi jhopadi residents also get pucca houses of their own. No govt. agency will now demolish any jhuggi and once people get new houses, they can demolish their jhuggi themselves before moving to new houses. 
Opposition on Delhi CM Housing Scheme for JJ Cluster Residents
Opposition alleges that distribution of Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana Certificates is a deliberate attempt to mislead and misguide innocent people just ahead of assembly elections in Delhi. Aam Aadmi Party promised in its 2015 manifesto to provide flats or plots to JJ cluster dwellers within or near their residencies. Today after 5 years of AAP govt in power, distribution of certificates is nothing more than piece of paper.
Though the state govt. had earlier planned to survey all 675 Jhuggi Jhopadi clusters, Delhi Development Authority recently wrote to DUSIB that it will carry out its own assessment of slums that have come out of land belonging to central government agencies.
Delhi CM Housing Scheme Jhuggi Jhopadi Residents 
Delhi Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana Background
CM said that he understands the troubles faced by people in slum areas as he himself lived in slums for some time. He lived in jhuggi while working for an NGO. Deputy CM Manish Sisodia and CM Kejriwal used to get furious at govt. for being inconsiderate and merciless towards problems faced by JJ residents. Both of them decided to work towards constructing legitimate dwelling spaces for slum dwellers. He also slammed previous govt’s for not working for welfare of slum dwellers and considering them only as vote bank.
The state govt. has already provided pucca houses to 5,000 families and all housesholds are happy since they are getting all basic amenities. The CM Housing scheme certificates are surety of non destruction and non enroachment of slums and surety of getting pucca houses. 
Delhi government has also issued their report card on quality education and free health services and termed their tenure as excellent.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.livehindustan.com/ncr/story-arvind-kejriwal-launches-housing-scheme-for-residents-of-jhuggi-jhopri-clusters-2919405.html
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Job Fair Portal Online Registration Form 2020 for JobseekersEdit / Update Profile at Delhi Job Fair PortalUpcoming Rojgar Mela 2020 at Delhi Job Fair Portal
Delhi e-Governance Society is inviting online applications at Job Fair Portal for Upcoming Rojgar Mela 2020. Now all the interested jobseekers can apply online by filling Delhi Job Fair Portal online registration form at jobfair.delhi.gov.in or degs.org.in/jobfair/. All the eligible candidates (as per job requirements) can apply for vacancies as shown on the portal on timely basis. The complete list of vacancies in various Mega job fairs in Delhi will remain available at official portal.
The major objective of making Delhi Job Fair Portal Registration is to provide employment to all unemployed educated youths in the state. All the applicants can check the upcoming Rojgar Mela or Mega Job Fair 2020 at official Delhi Job Fair Portal. This portal will facilitate jobseekers to get better and suitable jobs as per their qualifications.
Various National and Multi-national companies (MNC’s) organize Mega job fairs in Delhi every year where lakhs of students gets placement. So, participate and be one of the selected candidates of next Rojgar Mela.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Job Fair Portal Online Registration Form 2020 for Jobseekers
Delhi Job Fair Portal is an initiative of Directorate of Employment, Govt. of NCT of Delhi to provide employment opportunities to jobless youth in private sector. Here is the complete process to register yourself for upcoming mega job fair (Rojgar Mela 2020):-

Firstly visit the official job portal at degs.org.in/jobfair/ or jobfair.delhi.gov.in
At the homepage, scroll over the “Job Seekers” tab in main menu and then click at the “Registration” link
Direct Link – http://degs.org.in/jobfair/Jobseekers.aspx
The Deli Job Fair Portal Jobseekers Registration Form will appear as shown below:-
Delhi Job Fair Portal Jobseekers Registration Form
Here candidates needs to fill their basic details, identity number, mobile number, educational qualifications, present employment status, physical fitness and click at ‘Submit’ button to complete the registration process.

All the registered candidates can then appear for an interview / selection process in the upcoming job fairs in Delhi. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Edit / Update Profile at Delhi Job Fair Portal
People can even edit or update their profile as jobseeker after certain time limit to pose an updated information about themselves and increase their chances of selection. The direct link to Edit / Update Jobseeker Profile is given below:-

http://degs.org.in/jobfair/rememberId.aspx
The page to edit or update jobseeker profile at Delhi Job Fair Portal will appear as shown below:-
Delhi Job Fair Portal Profile Edit Update

Here jobseekers can enter their registration number, mobile number and click at ‘Submit‘ button to edit or update their job profile.
Upcoming Rojgar Mela 2020 at Delhi Job Fair Portal
All the applicants can even check the complete list of vacancies or upcoming rojgar mela 2020 at Delhi Job Fair Portal through the link below:-
http://degs.org.in/jobfair/vacancies.aspx
All the upcoming jobs organized by national or multi national companies will appear on this page along with date. So, applicants must regularly visit this page to secure a good job. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: jobfair.delhi.gov.in, degs.org.in/jobfair/
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. is going to restart home delivery of services under Doorstep Delivery Scheme (Sarkar Aapke Dwar) amid COVID-19 outbreak. This scheme will now enable citizens to get 100 public services of 14 departments at their doorstep. Now people can simply make a call at 1076 number, register their details and a facilitator will come at their doorstep with the necessary papers and get their work done. Check the complete Phase 1, 2 & 3 Delhi govt. doorstep delivery services list.
The person who comes for the service delivery would charge fees of Rs. 50 only and would perform all the formalities in his tablet at doorstep of people. All the citizens now does not have to make visits at the govt. offices. People can now make appointment at their home at any time specified by them.
Accordingly, Doorstep Delivery Scheme will eliminate the need of middlemen to avail the benefits of welfare services. In 2017, around 25 lakh persons have sent applications for these services. This scheme was in suspension for the past 5 months due to Coronavirus which has now been started.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

List of Doorstep Services by Delhi Govt [All 100]
People can just place a Call at 1076 Number to avail any public service under Doorstep Delivery Scheme. Here is the complete list of 100 services (40 in Phase 1, 30 in Phase 2 & 30 in Phase 3) under Delhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme:-


Complete List of 100 Services (Phase 1 + Phase 2 + Phase 3)


List of 40 Services (Phase 1)


Government services (13)


OBC certificate / SC certificate / ST certificate
Domicile / Residence certificate


Income certificate
Delayed Birth Order


Delayed Death Order
Lal Dora certificate


Report on Land status
Permanent Identity Card for disabled people


Issuance of ROR
Solvency certificate


Surviving member certificate
Marriage registration Certificate


Enrollment as civil defense volunteer



Transport Department Services (11)


Duplicate RC
Change of address in RC


Transfer of ownership of vehicle
Hypothecation addition


Hypothecation termination
Issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC)


Learner licence
Permanent driving licence (DL)


Renewal of driving licence
Duplicate driving licence (Temporary Copy)


Change of address in driving licence



Services in Social Welfare Department (4)


Delhi family welfare
Delhi family benefit scheme


Handicapped pension scheme
Old age pension scheme


Ration department (2)


Issuance of priority household cards
Updation of member details in different cards


Delhi jal board services (5)


New water connection
New sewer connection


Mutation
Reopening after rebuilding of house etc


Disconnection of water supply



Services in labour department (2)


Registration of construction workers – building construction worker act
Renewal of registration – building construction worker act


Women and child department (2)


Widow pension scheme
Financial assistance to poor widow for daughter’s marriage


Law and Justice department (1)


Marriage licence for marriages of Indian Christians


List of 30 Services (Phase 2)


Labour Department (7)


Grant of License for Contractor under Sections 12 of Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition Act, 1970)
Grant of Licence for working of Passenger Lift


Grant of Registration of Establishment employing building workers of BOCW (RE&CS) Act, 1996
Grant of Registration Certificate of Principal Employer under Section 7 of Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition Act, 1970)


Periodical Inspection of Lift
Grant of Electrical Contractor License


Issuance of Certificate of Competency Class 1 (Electrical Supervisor)



D.T.T.D.C (1)


Booking of Tour Package



SC / ST Welfare Department (5)


Post Matric Scheme for SC Students
Pre Matric Scheme for SC Students


Post Matric Scholarship for OBC Student of College / Professional Institution
Post Matric Scholarship for OBC Student (PMS-OBC)


Pre Matric Scholarship for OBC Student (PMS-OBC)



Higher Education (2)


Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme of Delhi Higher Education Aid Trust
Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme of Delhi Education Aid Trust


Food & Supplies Department (7)


Addition of Members in Ration Card
Change in Head of Family


Change in Residential Address
Deletion of Members in the Ration Card


Issuance of Duplicate Ration Card
Transfer of Ration Card within Delhi


Updation of mobile number of beneficiary



Transport Department (2)


Addition of new class of vehicle to a Driving License
Motor Vehicle Tax


Tourism Department (1)


Registration of Bed and Breakfast establishments



Delhi Transport Corporation (2)


Issuance of general all route Bus Pass for AC & Non AC Buses
Issuance of Delhi-NCR bus passes


Drugs Control (3)


Grant of License to Chemist
Grant of License for sale of Homoeopathic drug


Grant of Licence for sale of schedule X drug



List of 30 Services (Phase 3)


Transport Department


Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC)


Labour Department


Women and Child Department


Delhi Pharmacy Council


Drug Control


Under this Doorstep Delivery Scheme, assistants will come at doorstep of citizens who are willing to avail various government services. In the past 1 and half years, the state govt. has received 16,31,772 phone calls on 1076 number. Most of the phone calls are for enquires and for services, the number of calls recceived are 2,89,762. Out of these, 10,892 callers have incomplete documents while 2,78,870 callers have complete documents. It is interesting to note that 2,64,927 caller applications have been disposed off while remaining are in progress. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

There are 3 ways to get your govt. work done in Delhi which are through online, offline (at govt. windows in offices) and doorstep delivery. The success rate (per 100 applications) at govt. offices window / offline is 57%, online is 45% while at doorstep delivery is 91%. The most demand of doorstep delivery services is for OBC certificate (21%), SC certificate (19%), Income certificate (17%), Learner’s Licence (8%), Domicile Certificate (5%), Registration of Marriage (2.5%).
How to Apply for Doorstep Delivery Services of Delhi Government
All the candidates can apply for doorstep delivery of services by Delhi government as shown in the figure below:-
Doorstep Delivery Services of Delhi Government
Delhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme launched by CM Arvind Kejriwal is a revolution in governance. After successful implementation of home delivery of 70 public services in Delhi, now 30 more public services are available for home delivery.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: Times of India E-Paper dated 5 August 2019
SAVE AS PDF


दिल्ली की कैबिनेट ने मुफ्त वाई फाई योजना को दी मंजूरी, अब सार्वजानिक स्थानों पर सभी लोग कर सकेंगे फ्री वाई फाई सविधा का उपयोग, हर व्यक्ति को एक महीने में मिलेगा 15 जीबी इंटरनेटDelhi government is going to start Free Wi-Fi Scheme at public places in the national capital. It is going to be the largest Free Wifi project running anywhere in the world. The work on setting up 11,000 hotspots across Delhi is in progress. On 16 December 2019, around 100 hotspots will be inaugurated to mark official launching the Delhi government’s free WiFi scheme. The state govt. will also start Delhi Free Wifi Scheme App download facility to connect to the wi-fi network.
The state govt. of Delhi has fulfilled its commitment to provide free wi-fi services to people at public places. All the Delhiites will get free 15 GB data per month through a hotspot network across the city. This is one of the 70 promises made by the AAP party ahead of the 2015 assembly elections.
The cabinet committee led by CM Arvind Kejriwal has also approved proposal to install an additional 1.4 lakh CCTV cameras across the city. The expenditure finance committee of Delhi government had approved both the projects on 9 August 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Wifi Scheme App Download
Delhi govt. is working on a project to create more than 11,000 hotspots across the city. All the users within the radius of 50 metres are going to access internet absolutely free of cost. Each user will get 15 GB data monthly (1.5 GB / day) at a speed of 100 to 150 mbps with maximum 200 mbps under Delhi Free Wifi Scheme 2019. The state govt. will also launch Delhi Free Wifi App can be downloaded through which users can upload their KYC (know your customer) details. An OTP will be received to activate the Wi-Fi connection. 
At bus queue shelters, around 4,000 hotspots would be setup while the rest 7,000 will be installed in markets, residential colonies and other places with each constituency getting 100. The first 100 hotspots will be set up at Kashmere Gate Metro station and ISBT, ITO bus stand, Mandi House bus stand, Delhi Secretariat, Indraprashtha Metro station, and Adarsh Nagar (18), Badali (19), Moti Nagar (10), Seemapuri (16) and Shahdara (18) Assembly constituencies. The switch over from one hotspot to other will be automatic.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Wi-Fi Scheme Implementation
After the inauguration of the first batch of 100 hotspots on December 16, 500 hotspots will be set up every week and in the next six months, all 11,000 hotspots will be in place, he said. Around 150 to 200 users would be able to access internet concurrently at each hotspot. The state govt. will learn from its experience of 1st phase of Free Wi-Fi Scheme and will create more hotspots (if necessary) in subsequent phases. 
Delhi Free Wifi Scheme 2019 is going to be run on OpEx (operating expense) service model. The complete capital investment in setting up the infrastructure would be made by the vendor. The state government will bear the operating cost of approx. Rs. 100 crore per annum. The Wi-Fi scheme is based on a rent model and the government will pay monthly rental for each hotspot to a company handling the project.
In order to check the misuse of Free Wi-Fi facility, CM said that the state govt. will ensure that adequate safety measures will be taken. Although most mobile phone users have internet access on their phones, youths are still asking questions on when they will start getting free Wi-Fi facility. So, the govt. is working hard to speed up the project.
Delhi Free Wifi Scheme Public Places
The Wi-Fi hotspots are also going to be connected with the CCTV cameras being installed across the city. The response of general public regarding cameras is overwhelming positive. However, the BJP party has terme the announcement of providing free Wi-Fi and installation of additional CCTV cameras in 2nd phase as poll stunt.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/free-wi-fi-scheme-gets-cabinet-nod/articleshow/70595056.cms
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi SC / ST / OBC / Minority Scholarship Schemes 2019-20Delhi Govt. Scholarship 2019-20 Online FormDelhi Government Scholarship Schemes List 2019-20E District Delhi Scholarship 2019-20 Important Dates
Delhi govt. will invite online applications for Scholarship Schemes 2019-20 for SC / ST / OBC / Minority category students from 1 December. Now all the candidates can apply by filling Delhi Scholarship 2019-20 Online Application Form at edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in. There are 8 scholarship schemes for which students of SC/ ST / OBC/ Minorities can apply online at edistrict portal of Delhi government. The complete Scholarship Scheme list, last date for registration and online application process can be checked at the official portal.
SC / ST Welfare department will implement these Delhi govt. scholarship schemes for students. The e district Delhi Scholarship 2019-20 will assist students particularly from poor background to continue their studies without any financial problem.
The main aim of these scholarship schemes is to provide quality education to students from backward categories.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi SC / ST / OBC / Minority Scholarship Schemes 2019-20
These Delhi govt. scholarship schemes basically includes fees reimbursement, purchase of stationary, merit scholarship, award for toppers, pre matric & post matric scholarships for SC / OBC students.
Delhi Govt. Scholarship 2019-20 Online Form

Delhi Scholarship Portal – https://edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in/
Delhi Scholarship Online Form 2019-20 – https://edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in/in/en/account/Register.html
Delhi Scholarship Online Form 2019-20
E District Delhi Scholarship 2019-20 Services – https://edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in/Public/Services?q=p4bZejj1w2dAAzkUZOUApA==
SC / ST Welfare Dept. Official Website – http://scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in/wps/wcm/connect/DoIT_Welfare/welfare/home/

All the interested candidates can apply online for various scholarships through the link given above.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Government Scholarship Schemes List 2019-20
Here is the complete list of scholarship schemes for SC / ST / OBC / minority category students:-


S.No.
Name of Scheme


1.
Reimbursement of Tuition Fees to the SC / ST / OBC Minority Students of Class 1st to 12th studying in recognized public / private schools of Delhi.


2.
Financial assistance for purchase of stationery and Merit Scholarship for SC / ST / OBC / Minority Category students studying in Class 1 to 12


3.
Merit Scholarship for students belonging to SC / ST / OBC / Minority category studying in professional / technical colleges / institutions / universities


4.
Dr. B. R Ambedkar State Award for Toppers amongst SC / ST / OBC / Minorities Category Students


5.
Pre Matric Scholarship for SC Students


6.
Post Matric Scholarship for SC Students


7.
Pre-Matric Scholarship for OBC Students


8.
Post-Matric Scholarship for OBC Students


E District Delhi Scholarship 2019-20 Important Dates
— Start Date for Delhi Scholarship Online Application Form – 1 December 2019
— e district Delhi scholarship 2019 last date – 29 February 2020
Delhi SC / ST / OBC / Minority Scholarship Schemes List
Online applications are invited for the above mentioned scholarships at www.edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in. Details of these scholarship schemes including instructions for applying online and verification of applications by educational institutes etc. are available on the official website of department at www.scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: Hindustan Times (HT) Page No. 9
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal launches Mukhyamantri Septic Tank Safai Yojana to help people in waste management and ensuring safety of sanitation workers. Delhi Jal Board (DJB) would deploy 80 trucks along with trained staff to ensure free cleaning and maintenance of septic tanks in unauthorized colonies. People depend on manual scavengers for cleaning of tanks which is an illegal act and now govt. will clean septic tanks for free.
Delhi CM Septic Tank Safai Yojana aims to extend big helping hand to millions of people living in unauthorized colonies where sewer lines are yet to be laid. The scheme will help in collecting waste from septic tanks of illegal colonies and ensure safe disposal of waste in sewage treatment plants. 
This scheme will ensure safety of people as trained staff with all safety equipment would be used for work of septic tank cleaning.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi CM Septic Tank Safai Yojana 2019
There are around 45 lakh citizens living in authorised and unauthorised colonies of Delhi which do not have sewer pipelines and depend on septic tanks. The process to install sewage pipelines across all unauthorized colonies is going on and now it is important to ensure cleanliness of the septic tanks through safe means. So to achieve this objective, govt. has launched Mukhyamantri Septic Tank Safai Yojana 2019 in Delhi. 
The state govt. plans to achieve 3 objectives with this scheme – collection of waste from septic tanks in colonies, ensure safe disposal of waste in sewage treatment plants and deployment of trained staff with safety equipment for cleaning septic tanks.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Need for Mukhyamantri Septic Tank Safai Yojana in Delhi
Delhi Jal Board is installing sewer pipelines everywhere and various colonies have already got sewer pipelines in past few years. But residents of colonies which do not have sewer pipelines are using septic tanks. Private agencies involved in maintenance and tank cleaning does not have valid licence to do so. These agencies carry cleaning activities in unauthorized and illegal manner and do not provide safety equipment to workers & put lives at risk.
The waste collected from septic tanks is disposed in drains across the city which causes groundwater contamination & water pollution. In order to tackle these issues, govt. has started Mukhyamantri Septic Tank Safai Yojana. The state govt. will clear tendering process for CM Septic Tank Safai Yojana within next month. Around 80 trucks would be procured by Delhi Jal Board. All the residents of colonies can call on phone number to clean septic tanks.
A truck will be sent to location and waste collected from tanks would be delivered to sewage treatment plants. Residents of Delhi can procure free of cost services in legal and authorized manner to ensure cleanliness in Delhi. Yamuna pollution would be reduced and this scheme will also result in minimizing deaths due to manual scavenging.
Out of 1797 unauthorized colonies, around 430 colonies have sewer pipelines and installation of sewer pipelines is in process for 400 colonies. The remaining colonies are equipped with septic tanks and work for installing sewer pipelines is still in progress. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/arvind-kejriwal-announces-free-sewage-cleaning-scheme-in-unauthorised-colonies/articleshow/72068606.cms
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) has started an initiative of Online Bus Pass facility for DTC & Cluster buses in Delhi. Now, candidates can apply for new bus pass at dtcpass.delhi.gov.in by filling the DTC bus pass online application form. People can spend a few minutes online, calculate price using price calculator and submit completed application form to get their bus pass home-delivered.
Online Bus Pass Facility portal also contains the facility of online payment. Delhi govt. will provide bus passes to the applicants in a hassle free manner along with the facility of doorstep delivery to save time and money. 
The state govt. will ensure that each applicant who has applied online & made payment for bus pass will get it within 5 working days.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Online Bus Pass Facility – Apply Online for DTC New Bus Pass
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for new DTC bus pass in Delhi:-

Visit the official website dtcpass.delhi.gov.in
At the homepage, click at the “Apply for New Bus Pass” or directly click this link to open the DTC new bus pass online application form which will appear as follows:-
DTC New Bus Pass Online Application Form
Here candidates can fill all the personal details, address & other details and upload recent photograph.
Next candidates can click at the “Submit” button and make payment to complete the DTC new bus pass online application process.

Before making payment, candidates must calculate payment to be submitted using price calculator. Furthermore, candidates must take a printout of the completed DTC new bus pass online application form and keep it for any future reference. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Types of DTC New Bus Passes in Delhi
All the Delhi residents can apply online for the following bus passes:-

General – all routes (AC & Non-AC buses)
Airport express buses
Delhi NCR airport services
Delhi to NCR town (Gurugram, Faridabad, Bahadurgarh & Ghaziabad)

In case of any query, candidates can call on the helpline number : 011-23737180 , 23752770 Ext. 226. or can send an e-mail ID to [email protected]
For more details, visit the official website http://dtcpass.delhi.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Login / RegistrationChief Minister’s Urban Leaders Fellowship ProgrammeImportant Dates to Apply Online for CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship ProgrammeReferences
Delhi government announces Chief Minister’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme (CMULF) to seek young leaders across the country to address most pressing urban issues. Interested applicants can apply online by making registration & login for CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme at the official website cmulf.dtu.ac.in. The fellowship programme seeks to attract youth under 35 years of age who are passionate about public service and are willing to work for at-least two years.
This scheme will provide a unique opportunity to youth leaders to work within the Delhi govt. for addressing challenges of urban areas and experience what “making change happens” look like. The last date to apply online for CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme is 4 November 2018.
Deputy CM Manish Sisodia has tweeted that govt. is thrilled to announce the launch of Chief Minister’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme and youths are invited to work with govt. in #DelhiGovernance Revolution. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Login / Registration
Below is the complete procedure to make registration and login:-

Visit the official website cmulf.dtu.ac.in
At the homepage, click at the “Login Registration” link under ‘Apply Online’ or directly click this link
Afterwards, the CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Candidate Registration Form will appear as follows:-
CM Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Online Registration
Here candidates need to fill their details, post applied for, e-mail ID and click at the “Submit” button to complete the registration process.
Next, candidates can make ‘Login‘ by using the link – Candidates Login. The login page will appear as follows:-
CM Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Login
Here candidates can enter the “User ID / Application ID” and “Password” and click at the “Login” option to complete the application process.

Candidates can see Instructions for Online Registration before making Login / Registration for CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Chief Minister’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme
The important features and highlights of CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme are as follows:-

Fellows will be assigned to work with Ministers or Senior officials across various departments of Delhi government. This includes department of Education, Health, Water, Environment, Transport, Art & Culture etc.
Fellows are going to provide analytical support in the formulation of policies, implementation of projects and various governance initiatives.
Remuneration of Rs. 1.25 lakh per month will be given to fellows (20 positions) and Rs. 75,000 per month will be given to associate fellows (10 positions).

Thrilled to announce the launch of Delhi CM's Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme. If you r young professional, under 35 yrs age, have a dream to contribute for India, we invite you to work with us in #DelhiGovernanceRevolution. Application deadline: 4th November #CMULFDelhi pic.twitter.com/Lje8B3L56b
— Manish Sisodia (@msisodia) October 13, 2018


Candidates can check the CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Details (PDF) here. It is important to note that the deadline for sending the applications will end on 4 November 2018.
Important Dates to Apply Online for CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme
All the candidates must remember the important dates to fill the online applications for CM’s Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme:- 


Application Deadline
4 November 2018


Announcement of First Shortlist
15 November 2018


Final Interviews
26 & 27 November 2018


Announcement of Final List of Selected Candidates
30 November 2018


Final date for selected candidates to accept offer
7 December 2018


Starting date for Fellowship programme
7 January 2019


The state govt. has received global acclaim for its policies like transformation of government schools, introduction of Happiness Curriculum in schools, providing high-quality primary healthcare at mohalla clinics, 24×7 electricity at lowest tariff in India and home delivery of government services. Now the youth leaders are invited to join and become a part of change to make Delhi among the best governed cities in the world.
References
— In case of any query, candidates can contact CMULF (Chief Minister’s Urban Leaders Fellowship), Govt. of NCT of Delhi (India).
— Candidates can see the most Frequently Asked Questions by clinking – FAQ’s
— CM Urban Leaders Fellowship Programme Advertisement – Click Here
— For an assistance, candidates can send an e-mail at [email protected] 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Mukhyamantri Solar Power Scheme (MSPS)Compensation Policy for Martyrs FamilySupport to NGOs
Delhi cabinet has approved Mukhyamantri Solar Power Scheme (MSPS) to promote rooftop solar systems by providing subsidy and generation-based incentive (GBI) to domestic consumers. Under this revised rooftop solar scheme in Delhi, all residents who install rooftop solar panels will get subsidy on their electricity bills and GBI of Rs. 2 per unit for a duration of five years. 
Under the Renewable Energy Service Company [RESCO] model, domestic consumers need not spend any money from their pocket to install solar panels but it will be done by the selected service providers. Also the disbursal of GBI will now be on half-yearly basis instead of annually by discoms. The state government will pay the distribution companies in the form of compensation for the GBI disbursed.
Under Mukhyamantri Solar Power scheme (MSPS), all the group housing societies does not have to bear the installation costs as it would be borne by the company. All the housing societies would now get a subsidy of Rs. 2 per unit from the state govt. meaning that cost of power would now be Rs. 1 per unit as the total cost initially would be Rs. 3 per unit.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Mukhyamantri Solar Power Scheme (MSPS)
Under this revised rooftop solar power scheme in Delhi, the state govt. will provide GBI of Rs. 2 per unit and subsidy on electricity bills. Service providers will pay the amount for installation of solar panels on the houses of domestic residents under RESCO model. 
The cost of power to consumers could reduce further and may even become zero if housing society has more space to offer the company to install panels. This subsidy amount would even apply to rooftop solar systems installed on individual homes as well under Mukhyamantri Solar Power Scheme (MSPS). However in such cases, the initial cost of the installation needs to be borne by the home owner or the company as per their agreement.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi government is already running the rooftop solar subsidy scheme for the past 3 years but this time a payment security aspect has been introduced for vendors. If any consumer defaults on the electricity bill, then the subsidy would be paid by the govt. directly to the companies.
Delhi Revised Rooftop Solar Scheme
Till date, the solar power capacity of around 100 megawatts (MW) had been installed in Delhi. Out of this power, around 5MW of power is in the domestic sector with 8 to 10 group housing societies and some individual consumers. Out of the total allocated budget of Rs. 10 crore in 2016-17 and Rs. 20 crore in 2017-18, only Rs. 2.84 lakh in 2016-17 and Rs. 50 lakh in 2017-18 has been disbursed.
Compensation Policy for Martyrs Family
Cabinet committee has also approved the proposal of revenue department to extend the scheme for grant of compensation to families of martyrs. Previously, Rs. 1 crore compensation was given to families of armed forces, Delhi police and paramilitary forces martyrs who were Delhi residents or had died in operation in Delhi. Now this scheme would also cover families who are residents of Delhi for the past 5 years even in case their service record specifies that they belongs to some other state.
This amendment was essential after the latest incident of brutual murder of head constable Narendra Kumar of BSF at international border b/w India and Pakistan. The family of Narendra Kumar was residing in Delhi for many years though their permanent address is of Haryana state. 
Support to NGOs
Cabinet committee has also approved scheme to offer monetary aid to NGOs to mark the death / birth anniversaries of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar, Sant Ravidas and Maharishi Balmiki. For this, a sum of Rs. 50,000 would be given for each such event.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government announces to start online process for making applications for driving licences (DL) and registration certificates (RC) from 1 October 2018. This would ensure smaller queues at regional transport offices (RTO) and turn them into e-RTOs. Now citizens would be able to apply online for driving Licence / RC in Delhi in a transparent and hassle free manner. Here we are providing you the complete information about DL registration process and related details. 
From 1 October, the entire licensing process would be online to ensure that crowds in RTOs can be kept as low as possible. In the current scenario, RTOs across the country accepts applications manually despite possessing centralized software built by the central government. 
Delhi will become the 1st state in the country where all RTOs will be accessible through online application services. This shift in legislation will bring in a new generation of govt. services from RTOs.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Apply Online for Driving Licence / RC in Delhi from 1 October
All 13 licensing offices of Delhi will be declared as e-RTOs from 1 October 2018. Around 11 transport related services will be made online including obtaining a learner’s or permanent driving licence or getting registration certificate. For these services, citizens needs to apply online at the official website of transport department. There will be no acceptance for paper and manual applications of these services. 
This move will help in curbing the evil of corruption in govt. offices as the need for middlemen will get eliminated. Moreover, payment for these services will be made as only electronic transaction and there will be no transactions in cash. In addition to this, the application forms of these services would also be available at home under Doorstep Delivery Scheme. In this scheme, department runners will also pick up required documentation from home with additional charges of Rs. 50. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the applicants of driving licenses will get a choice to select 2 hourly slots for their bio-metric collection and driving tests. Citizens who are looking for registration related services will be able to do walk in after filling forms online. The application status of driving licences can also be tracked online. 
Till date, there are 2 functional e-RTOs which are working on pilot basis in Vasant Vihar and Janakpuri. The state govt. will also start an awareness program to create mass awareness about this initiative.An awareness program is also likely to follow. To know about the DL registration process and its complete details, visit the official website through the link below:- http://www.delhi.gov.in/wps/wcm/connect/DoIT_Transport/transport/home





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. has approved the proposal of Dept. of Social Welfare to raise the financial assistance to leprosy patients from Rs. 1800 to Rs. 3000 per month. Now each leprosy affected patient will get monthly assistance of Rs. 3,000 under Rehabilitation Centre for Leprosy affected persons (RCL) scheme. Cabinet Committee has taken this decision in a meeting chaired by CM Arvind Kejriwal on 18 September 2018. 
Under RCL Scheme, all leprosy affected persons who resides in Delhi before 1981 (later ammended to 1993) were given dry ration, clothing, bedding, medicines etc. Later the scheme was modified in 1989 and cash amount of Rs. 300 was given as maintenance allowance to people as an alternative of dry ration, clothing, bedding and medicines.
From 1 July 2009, assistance was increased to Rs. 1800 per month. Currently, there are 562 beneficiaries who are paid Rs. 1800 per month.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi RCL Scheme – Financial Assistance to Leprosy Patients Hiked
Cabinet Committee of Delhi approves proposal to enhance financial assistance to leprosy-affected persons to Rs. 3,000 per month. Under Rehabilitation Centre for Leprosy affected persons (RCL) Scheme, people will now get Rs. 3000 as monthly assistance to get dry ration, clothing, bedding, medicines etc. 
Leprosy (Hansen’s disease) is a chronic infectious disease caused by Mycobacterium leprae. This disease mainly affects the skin, peripheral nerves, mucosal surfaces of upper respiratory tract and eyes. Leprosy occurs at all ages ranging from early infancy to old age. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

This disease is curable and early treatment reduces most disabilities. So, to ensure proper medication, clothing and nutrition supply, govt. will now provide Rs. 3000 p.m to leprosy affected persons.
Delhi Cabinet has also approved the revision in financial assistance to resident welfare associations (RWAs) and NGOs. Now all RWAs and NGOs will get Rs. 2 lakh per acre (earlier 1 lakh per acre) for maintenance and development of parks which are registered with Delhi Parks and Gardens Society (DPGS). DPGS will make contribution of 90% of financial assistance at rate of Rs. 2 lakh / acre and balance 10% will be borne by the concerned RWAs.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority has approved Land Pooling Policy and 17 lakh new affordable houses will be built in Delhi. New DDA Land Pooling Policy was cleared on 7 September 2018 in the DDA Authority’s Board Meeting chaired by Lt. Governor Ani Baijal. This policy will boost affordable housing, trigger economic development and generate 1 lakh jobs in Delhi.
Now this DDA Land Pooling Policy is being sent to the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) for final approval. Policy covers urbanizable areas of urban extensions in 95 villages. As per the policy provisions, DDA will act as the facilitator / planner and process of pooling and development will be carried out by developer and consortiums. 
Here any individual, developer entity or consortium with min 2 hectares of land can take up development. Around 76 lakh people will be accommodated in these new flats.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Land Pooling Policy Approved to Build 17 Lakh Houses in Delhi
All the land owners having land of any size can participate under the DDA Land Pooling Policy. Minimum area of land to be taken up for development will be 2 hectares. As per Zonal Development Plan, Developer Entity (DE) / individual can participate in land pooling scheme by pooling land parcels covered under a sector. To ensure “Ease of Doing Business”, Single Window System is being created to implement DDA policy and for 2 stage grievance redressal. 
To develop infrastructure, DDA will follow Integrated Sector based planning approach. Any sector will become eligible for development when more than 70% of land of developable area within a sector is assembled. DDA has reduced Floor Area Ratio (FAR) from 400 to 200 keeping in mind the availability of water, land requirement for physical / social infrastructure and its impact on environment. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

To boost affordable and inclusive housing, 15% FAR over and above permissible FAR is allowed for EWS category people. For economically weaker sections (EWS), 5 lakh dwelling units are expected to be created. Earlier differential land return was to be carried out in 2 categories, which has now been replaced with uniform division of 60:40 basis to benefit small land holders / farmers. 
For developmental purpose, DDA introduces provision to achieve vertical mix of uses (residential, commercial, PSP) at building level. Various developmental controls are introduced to regulate building & infrastructure development. Various service providing agencies will develop roads, water supply, electricity, social infrastructure within 40% of land area in a time bound manner.
Developer will work to develop land under residential, commercial and public & semi-public facilities. All new developments under land pooling policy will follow compulsory green building norms in accordance with MPD and building bye-laws. Usage of dual pipeline, maximum usage of recycled water for non-potable purposes, rain water conservation and zero waste technology. It is also proposed that minimum 10% energy consumption shall be through solar power or other renewable sources.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Free Travel Facility for Students – Free AC Bus PassOld Age People to get Free AC Bus Pass in DelhiWomen Bus Pass (AC) at Rs. 250 in DelhiFree Bus Pass for School Students (AC) in DelhiNew Buses for Delhi People
Delhi govt. is going to provide a huge relief for the travellers of various categories in government buses. Now, the state govt. will start Free Travel Facility for Students & Old Persons in AC Buses. All the students studying in various schools and colleges can travel absolutely free in all govt. and private cluster buses. Moreover, Women and people belonging to economically weaker sections will get pass at cheap rates.
Now all the women and poor people can get monthly pass for just Rs. 250. The state govt. is also planning to increase the total number of buses. This will increase the use of public transport in the state and will also lead to reduction in financial burden of people. 
The state govt. will provide free bus passes to all the school, college students and old age persons. In addition to this, women and poor people will get monthly pass at concessional rates. This will ensure that the overall fare cost is reduced. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Free Travel Facility for Students – Free AC Bus Pass
In the first phase, all the college students of the state will be given this Free Travel Facility for Students & Old Persons in AC Buses. Till date, the passes which the state govt. makes are valid only in Non-AC Buses. But now to enable students to travel in AC buses, the proposal has already been approved by the DTC Board and Cabinet Committee.
Free AC Bus Pass Delhi Students Old
The state govt. will implement this Free Travel Scheme For Students & Old Age Persons in the month of September 2018. In the next phase, the state govt. will extend this facility for School Students and Old Age Persons. Transport Department is creating draft cabinet note of rest of proposals. Afterwards, the state govt. will bring this cabinet note in front of the Cabinet Committee. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Old Age People to get Free AC Bus Pass in Delhi
Till Date, the state govt. issue passes for the Old Age People at concessional rates. But the transport department is planning to provide Free Bus Pass for Old Age Persons. The state govt. will take Rs. 15 as processing fees for issuing free bus passes. Moreover, all the people whose monthly income is less than Rs. 20,000 p.m will get monthly pass at just Rs. 250 for travel in all DTC and Private Cluster Buses. 
Women Bus Pass (AC) at Rs. 250 in Delhi
Till date, there is no major relief for the women in travelling from one place to another. But now the state govt. is going to provide easy bus pass at cheap rates to each women traveller. Now women can travel with pass of just Rs. 250 for the entire month in any bus. To ensure security of women, the state govt. has also decided to install CCTV cameras in every bus. Moreover, one Marshall will be deployed in every bus to make women feel secure. 
Free Bus Pass for School Students (AC) in Delhi
Transport department is also going to provide huge relief to the school students as well. For all students below 21 years of age and studying in any school or college, the state govt. will provide Free Bus Pass. To avail this free bus pass facility, candidates needs to provide ID Card of either School or College to prove his / her identity. 
New Buses for Delhi People
The state govt. has approved to purchase 1000 new buses for the state. In addition to this, govt. also plans to bring Mini Buses (Small Buses) in the state. This will ensure the proper availability of transport buses in those buses where DTC buses have still not reached.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Fee Assistance Scheme Online Application FormDelhi Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme DetailsReferences
Delhi govt. invites online applications for Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme. Under this Fee Assistance Scheme, the state will make complete Reimbursement of Tuition Fees of students enrolled in undergraduate courses from universities or colleges affiliated to Delhi State Public Universities. Interested candidates can fill Delhi Fee Assistance Online Application Form at edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in
Higher Education Aid Trust in Delhi is given the responsibility to implement this scheme. The primary objective is to provide financial assistance to the meritorious and needy students pursuing higher education in NCT of Delhi.
This scheme will enable students from economically weaker sections to get access to quality education in the state. Interested candidates can apply online for Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme at the official website before 30th November 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Fee Assistance Scheme Online Application Form
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme:-

Firstly visit the official website edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “New User” link under “Citizen’s Corner” section or directly click this link
Then Delhi Fees Assistance Scheme Online Registration Form will appear as follows:-
Delhi Fees Assistance Scheme Registration Form
Here candidates can enter their “Aadhar Card / Voter ID Card” document number to optn the complete citizen application form as shown below:-
Delhi Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme Registration Form
After that you can easily enter the complete details accurately to complete the registration process.
Delhi Fee Assistance Scheme Higher Education

Finally, candidates can make Registered Users Login to complete the application process.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme Details
All the students must have enrolled for UG programme in any of Delhi State Public Universities or colleges / institutes affiliated to Delhi State Public Universities. In addition, the candidate must fulfill income / economic and academic performance on the basis of criteria as mentioned below:-


Eligibility (Income p.a)
Qualifying Aggregrate Marks
Percentage of Financial Assistance


Category 1 – Beneficiary under National Food Security Scheme & NFSA Card holder
60%
100%


Category 2 – Not covered under Category 1 but whose annual family income is upto Rs. 2.50 Lakh p.a
60%
50%


Category 3 – Family income above Rs. 2.50 Lakh p.a. but less than Rs. 6 Lakh p.a
60%
25%


5% relaxation in Qualifying Aggregrate Marks will be allowed for SC/ ST students. For more details, check the complete details – Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme
References
— To understand the detailed concept of Fee Assistance Scheme, see – Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
— For more details, visit the official website delhi.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government has issued warning of losing recognition to schools and strict disciplinary action against principals if guidelines for safety of children in schools are not met properly. DoE has issued New Delhi School Students Safety Rules to ensure that safety work is carried out as per schedule. Quarterly reports will be sent to directorate on a regular basis. 
Director of Education Sanjay Goel has issued orders to various private and government institutions for their half-hearted compliance to DoE and HC orders. These Delhi School Students Safety Rules [New] are issued to tackle the rising number of incidents of physical, emotional and sexual assaults on school children.
The state govt. wants to ensure full-proof safety for school children during the school hours. This will also ensure that students are dropped to their houses safely after the school timings are over.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Schools Students Safety Rules [New] – DoE Guidelines
In the previous few months, incidents of physical, emotional, sexual assaults on school children are on a rise. These incidents are taking place inside the school boundary and outside the school premises. So, every govt. / govt. aided / private schools must be complaint to the issued directions. For this, they will have to follow the DoE Guidelines given below:-

Formation of School Safety Sub-Committee – DoE wants that all schools must form a School Safety Sub-Committee to oversee minimum safety standards. This committee must comprises of the following members:-

Principals, 4 Students, 4 Parents, Senior Teacher, Primary Teacher, Non-Teaching Staff.
Healthy balance of male and female members.
There would be different set of parents in the panel every year.


Boundary Intact & under CCTV Surveillance – All the boundary walls of the schools must be completely intact without any space for entrance of unknown persons. These boundaries must also be covered under CCTV for identification of unknown persons outside the schools.
Visitors Record – Schools must maintain a visitors register which will contain all the records of person who is visiting the school. This register must comprise of the name of visitor, address, purpose of visit and timings section. Nobody should be allowed without a pass.
Staff Id Check at Entrance – At entrance, all the staff members will have to provide their Identity Proofs to enter into the school premises.
Checking during Security walk – The following measures should be strictly taken:-

Each school must have 2 gates for entrance. At each gate, there must be at-least 2 guards sitting there.
Room of Administrator or Principal must be close to the School gates.
Any Public Office in the school premises must have a separate entry / exit gate.
Students can be only asked to stay back in school after the official hours with their parents prior concern.
All the building must possess all the necessary certificates issued by any govt. certified agency.


Delhi Schools Student Safety Guidelines

Monthly security walks would be conducted along with at-least 5 members of the panel. They must submit online safety reports to the directorate. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

If any of the guidelines for safety of children in schools and circulars are not followed, then DoE will start disciplinary proceedings against the heads of its own govt. schools and estate managers. For private schools, deliberate and repeated non-compliance of student safety guidelines will lead to withdrawal of recognition.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government is going to launch a Free Dialysis Scheme for patients in Private hospitals. Under this scheme, dialysis procedure will be made free by the state govt. at empanelled private hospitals and dialysis centers. The state govt. will implement this scheme on Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) basis subject to certain conditions. Govt. will pay the private hospitals a cost of Rs. 1,274 per dialysis for the entire procedure. Delhi Residents with annual income of upto Rs. 3 lakh can avail this facility.
The state govt. is focused towards raising the standards of healthcare services in the state. This scheme will enable poor people to get dialysis facility in their nearby hospitals absolutely free of cost with reduced travel time wastage.
This reimbursement scheme will change the entire course of health services in the state just like AIIMS. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Eligibility Criteria for Free Dialysis Scheme in Delhi
The hospitals and the patients must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to avail the scheme benefits:-

For Hospitals – All hospitals and standalone centers must fulfill these conditions to become a partner:-

Only the private hospitals and standalone centers having more than 10 dialysis machines are eligible.
Moreover, these pvt. hospitals must be empanelled under the Delhi Government Employees Health Scheme (DGEHS) or the Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS).


For Patients – Patients must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to avail this service:-

Patient must be a permanent resident of Delhi.
He / She must be living in the state for the past 3 years.

Patients whose family income from all sources is less than Rs. 3 lakh per annum are eligible.


Free Dialysis Facility Delhi

Govt. can issue Free Dialysis Cards to patients to ease down the process of getting treatment. Moreover, govt. is making every possible effort to improve the standard of healthcare facilities at govt. hospitals. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Dialysis Scheme – Features
The important features and highlights of this Free Dialysis Scheme are as follows:-

Eligible patients can avail dialysis facility at any private or standalone center absolutely free of cost.
For each dialysis, govt. will pay Rs. 1274 to the pvt. hospitals from its Delhi Arogya Kosh.
The state govt. is regularly installing new dialysis machines at its own hospitals. Till date, govt. has installed 15 new dialysis machines at different hospitals and will install another 60 machines.
This scheme will reduce the travel time of the patients as the patients needs to travel a long distance to reach govt. hospital to avail this facility. Free Dialysis Service at the pvt. hospitals or dialysis centers will eliminate the time wastage factor.
Free Dialysis Scheme in Delhi will act as a “Reverse Referral” system where patients will be referred to empaneled hopitals or centers nearby their home.

To provide high quality healthcare facilities to the citizens, the state govt. is following an “expansion mode” policy. Accordingly, 5 Hospitals of Delhi Govt. have already earned NABH entry-level acceditation – Pt Madan Mohan Malviya Hospital, Shri Dada Dev Matri Avum Shishu Chikitsalaya, Acharya Shree Bhikshu Hospital, Guru Gobind Singh Hospital and Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. is going to launch its own healthcare scheme named Mukhyamantri Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana – Ayushman Bharat (MAASBY – AB). Under this scheme, all the people can avail health protection of upto Rs. 5 lakh for secondary and tertiary hospitalization. In Delhi, Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) which is a flagship Health Insurance Scheme of Modi govt. will be implemented with this name. 
Mukhyamantri Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana – Ayushman Bharat (MAASBY – AB) will cover around 2 crore people in Delhi. Previously, the state govt. has denied to implement Centre’s Ayushman Bhaat Scheme. The reason for denial was that it is covering only those 20 million people whose name appears in the SECC 2011 Data but the state govt. wants 50 million more people to be included in it. 
Latest Update – Check PM Jan Arogya Yojana List of Hospitals in Delhi to find Ayushman Bharat empanelled hospitals.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Now the state govt. is making assessment to launch its own healthcare scheme for citizens of Delhi.
Delhi Mukhyamantri Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana – Ayushman Bharat
Delhi govt. wants to implement Ayushman Bharat Yojana under its own banner. MAASBY Scheme will enable every poor citizen in Delhi to avail cashless and paperless treatment for major health diseases at pre-defined package rates. This treatment of upto Rs. 5 lakh would be given at every government and private empanelled hospitals (Health & Wellness Center). 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Central govt. wants to implement this Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY) in all states. Under AB-PMJAY, there is no restriction on family size, age or gender. No money needs to be paid by the family for treatment in case of hospitalization. People only need to carry any prescribed ID to receive treatment at the hospital.
Earlier, Delhi was the first state to refuse to implement this PMJAY Scheme along with Odisha. According to the state govt, the total number of beneficiaries covered were not enough and it wanted to add more no of beneficiaries to it. 
Opposition says that it was a political move of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government. This is just to derail the implementation of Mega Health Insurance Scheme for poor people. Just 3 weeks are left to implement the Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana and there is 1 week left to start process to send Quick Response Code. PM Narendra Modi has made a budgetary provision of Rs. 10,000 crore for the scheme.
AB-PMJAY Scheme is scheduled to roll out from 25 September 2018. Ayushman Bharat Yojana is the biggest universal healthcare scheme not only in India but worldwide too. The insurance scheme will provide poor people cashless insurance protection of Rs. 5 lakh per year. AB-NHPM Scheme is aimed at including 50 crore Indian.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Cabinet Committee of Delhi govt. has approved the launch of a new Mukhyamantri Kisan Aay Badhotri Solar Yojana for farmers. Under this scheme, farmers can allow the private companies to install free solar panel on upto one-third area of their farmland. For this, they will be paid Rs. 1 lakh per acre with annual increase of 6% for the next 25 years. By the 25th year, each farmer will be paid Rs. 4.04 lakh per acre as rent from the private companies.
This scheme is specially designed to raise the total annual income (Aay Badhotri) of the farmers engaged in agricultural activities. Every farmer could get 3 to 4 times of their current annual income by allowing solar panel installation. 
The state govt. has approved this scheme for the welfare of farmers and to provide financial support to promote farming activities. Moreover, another hidden objective is to reduce pollution as the dependence on solar panels will reduce it to a great extent.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Mukhyamantri Kisan Aay Badhotri Solar Yojana for Farmers
Delhi govt. will launch Mukhyamantri Kisan Aay Badhotri Solar Yojana to increase the overall income of farmers to 3-4 times. The important features and highlights of this Solar Scheme for Farmers in Delhi are as follows:-

All the farmers engaged in agriculture related activities can allow the private companies to install solar panels on their agricultural land. However, Private Companies are not allowed to install solar panels on more than one-third of total farmland.
Farmers will get Rs. 1 lakh per acre as rent with 6% increase p.a for 25 years. From 25th year onward, farmers will get Rs. 4.04 lakh / acre as rent from private companies.
There will be no upfront cost to install solar power plant on their agricultural land.
Solar Panels will be installed 3.5 meter above the surface level to ensure easy passing of tractors and uninterrupted farming activity.
All the farmers will also get 1,000 units of free electricity per year for each acre of land.
The current annual income of the farmer is Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 30,000 per acre from agricultural produce. After this scheme, farmer’s earnings will get increased manifold.
Delhi Kisan Aay Badhotri Solar Yojana
As per the officials, 1 MW solar power plant installation requires six acres of land and can generate approx. 13 lakh units of electricity per annum.

Delhi govt. will save Rs. 300 to Rs. 400 crore using this farm solar scheme. It is a cleaner source of energy and will also help in reducing pollution. Farmers will start earning income after 8 to 9 months of installation.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Farmers Income Raising Scheme 2018 by Solar Panel Installation
Solar Power Developers are going to sign an agreement with Delhi govt. departments like Health, Public works, Delhi Jal Board and many others. Various Govt. departments are bulk electricity consumers which buys electricity on commercial rates and on higher tariff slabs. The current rate for purchase of electricity is Rs. 9 per unit and after the launch of this scheme, these departments will get electricity at Rs. 4 to Rs. 5 per unit.
Mukhyamantri Kisan Aay Badhotri Solar Yojana
Till today, around 5 private companies have shown interest and are ready to invest in this solar power project. Any farmer need not pay any fees or make investment in this scheme for capacity building purpose. Delhi govt. will implement this scheme on the basis of Renewable Energy Service Company (RESCO) model.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Dhramendra Pradhan, Central govt. has launched Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana – PMUY Scheme in Delhi. Now all the BPL Families in Delhi whose names appears in the SECC 2011 Data can get free LPG gas connection. As a mark of token for launching the scheme, Oil Minister distributes new LPG connections and cylinders to the selected beneficiaries.
PM Ujjwala Yojana was first launched on 1 May 2016 in Ballia, UP. This schemes aims to provide cleaner fuel to all the domestic women and to reduce their mortality rate due to inhalation of smoke. All the women whose name appears in the All India BPL List 2018 (SECC-2011) can apply for PMUY.
At the launch event, around 400 LPG connections were handed over to BPL households. All the women applicants can read the PMUY Scheme guidelines and then fill the application form to get LPG connection.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM Ujjwala Yojana – PMUY Scheme in Delhi
PMUY was launched at Yamuna Sports Complex in New Delhi. Any BPL woman residing in Delhi who does not possess any LPG gas connection can now apply at pmujjwalayojana.com. All the applicants whose name appears in SECC-2011 Data can download the application form in pdf format and submit it to the concerned authority. After verification from Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), applicants will get LPG Connection.
In case of any query, candidates can see How to Apply for Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY). Every year around 5 lakh women die from domestic pollution or are susceptible to other respiratory diseases. So, govt. has decided to provide clean and safe fuel to every family in Delhi to ensure proper health of women and children.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Till date, around 3.5 crore women have received this free LPG Connection and their life has been transformed. The primary objective is to provide clean fuel and eliminate health hazards due to smoke. This scheme also promotes “Make in India Campaign”.
Previously in Union Budget 2018-19, govt. has revised its targets for providing Ujjwala Connections. Central govt. has increased its target from 5 crore people to 8 crore people by 2020.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Any person who is planning to apply for a new Driving Licence (DL) or Transfer Registration Certificate (RC) in Delhi can now get these services at home. People won’t have to go anywhere now rather Transport Department will come to them at their residence. The host would receive services under the Doorstep Delivery Scheme through Mobile Sahayaks. People will be assisted to fill the online application form for DL and RC services and it will be similar to approach a helpdesk at Regional Transport Offices (RTO). 
Delhi govt. will start Doorstep Delivery Scheme and is finalising plans to start with DL and RCs. Assistants will fix an appointment for driving test & these services would be available at just Rs. 50.
Govt. is consistently making every possible effort to start Doorstep Delivery as soon as possible. This would reduce congestion and chaos at RTO office and will save time and money of Delhiites.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Doorstep Delivery Scheme – How to make DL & RC Registration
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for DL and RC Transfer at home under Doorstep Delivery Scheme:-

How to Apply Online for Driving Licence

Applicants will have to place a call at the helpline number that is being set up.
On making call, you will get an appointment with Mobile Sahayak. Then assistant will visit their homes with a tablet who will assist you to fill up forms online. You may have to pay a nominal fees of Rs. 50.
This process would be exactly same as approaching Helpdesk at Regional Transport Offices (RTO). This is same as the helpdesk actually comes to your home.
Then Mobile Sahayak will assist you to apply online to get a slot for driving test.
After fixing the appointment for the driving test, applicants needs to visit the RTO Office. All the candidates must clear the driving test.
After clearing driving test, permanent DL will be issued and will be sent to your home.


How to Apply Online for Vehicle Transfer / Registration Certificate

Firstly follow the same procedure as above.
Applicants needs to submit Original Registration Certificate and provide copies of Insurance Certificate, Address Proof of Purchaser and PUC Certificate.
Finally, candidates will get the Vehicle Transfer Certificate and Registration Certificate delivered at their home.
Delhi Doorstep Delivery DL RC Apply Online



These services are already available online, but some people find it difficult to fill application form online. Also some people does not have any access to Internet services and have to visit a cyber cafe which causes problem. So, Doorstep Delivery Scheme will prove a boon for all citizens.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mobile Sahayaks under Doorstep Delivery Scheme
All the Mobile Sahayaks (assistants) have the responsibility to visit the houses of people and help people in filling application forms. Assistants may charge Rs. 50 for the services offered. All Mobile Sahayaks will be equipped with tablets and scanner to scan and upload supporting documents essential for Driving Licence / Registration Certificate and Vehicle Transfer. After completing the tests and subsequent uploading of certificates, the RC / DL will be delivered to the home of the buyer of the vehicle. 
Dept. has also streamlined process of conducting driving tests. New process will reduce congestion and chaos at RTOs. This process is started online and tests are conducted b/w 8.30 a.m & 2 p.m and by organising time slots, crowding will be reduced and entire process will be hassle free. Around 100 driving tests will be carried out at each RTO daily and videographed.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. is going to launch a new Loan Scheme for Safai Karamcharis. Under this scheme, the state govt. will provide loans to manual scavengers (safai karamchari) to buy new sewer cleaning machines. Any worker can get this machine at just 10% of the total machine cost and can earn upto Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 50,000 per month.
The primary objective of this loan scheme is to eliminate death risks of manual scavengers, raising their living standards and lead them to a dignified life. Moreover, these loans will also create a clean and safe environment to the people residing in National Capital – Delhi.
In the first phase, the state govt. will hire 220 machines. Every machine requires 4 persons to operate it. So, this will result in additional job opportunities. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Loan Scheme for Safai Karamcharis / Manual Scavengers – Sewer Cleaning Machines
All the workers (not contractors) who are engaged in manual scavenging activities or who cleans sewers can now take loans from the state govt. to buy Sewer Cleaning Machines. The important features and highlights of this Delhi Govt. Loan Scheme 2018 for manual scavengers are as follows:- 

Need for Manual Scavengers Loan Scheme – This decision comes after the recent death incidents where at-least 12 workers have been killed during cleaning sewers or septic tanks in Delhi since August 2016. So, this initiative will put an end to manual scavenging and thus will reduce deaths caused while cleaning sewers. Now all the safai karmis will no longer have to dig deep into the manholes risking their lives.
Number of Manual Scavenging Machines – Delhi Jal Board will procure 220 specialised machines which a workers can take on contract for 7 years. The state govt. will act as facilitator. This Delhi Govt. Loan Scheme will rehabilitate safai karamcharis or manual scavengers.
Cost of Sewer Cleaning Machines – One question still arises that how workers will be able to procure their own machines that can cost upto Rs. 38 lakh. SBI would provide 75% of the total machine cost at 11% per annum. SC / ST corporations will provide 15% of the total cost at 10% per annum. Remaining cost is to be borne by the individual. Govt. will provide them loans for procurement of specifically designed sewer cleaning machines and will turn them into entrepreneurs.
Earnings for Safai Karamcharis – To successfully implement this scheme, govt. must keep a check on the people who purchases these machines. All the workers who takes these machines on contract can earn b/w Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 50,000 per month for 5 months after deduction of the entire loan amount.
Other Measures – Govt. is also focusing on releasing new scavenging guidelines which needs to be followed by malls, hospitals and hotels.

Govt. will also pay special attention to the dependents of safai karamcharis who have lost their lives on duty i.e while cleaning sewers. Delhi govt. is also planning to launch other initiatives to ensure proper sewage systems and waste management techniques.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Vocational Training Scheme for BeggarsBegging – An offense in Delhi and MumbaiPrevious Begging Tackling Scheme – Background
Delhi Government proposes to launch a new Vocational Training Scheme for Beggars. Under this scheme, the state govt. will give them training on tailoring, handicraft and other skill development courses. This scheme will ensure that all roads, streets and signals are beggar free and will also ensures that beggars are able to earn at-least Rs. 250 per day for their livelihood.
This Vocational Training Course for Beggars will help in their sustenance so that they can contribute towards the development of Nation’s Capital. Delhi govt. is also planning to provide them appropriate kits like sewing machines on completion of their training.
The primary objective of this scheme is to motivate beggars to work rather than begging for food. Moreover, this skill development training will also permanently cure problem of India’s homelessness.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Vocational Training Scheme for Beggars
Begging is a major problem in the capital region as even small children are forced to beg on streets and signals for food. This spoils their childhood and deprive them of education as well. This scheme will ensure that the beggars give up begging for food. The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

Delhi govt. is planning to launch this training course for beggars to enable them to earn their livelihood.
Now Govt. will provide them training on tailoring, handicraft and other skills to lead them towards a better life.
Govt’s Plan –

All the beggars enrolled in this training course will get Rs. 250 per day.
All the beggars will be given Formal Identity Cards to motivate others to join the program.

All those beggars who successfully completes this training course will get relevant kits like sewing machines.


The state govt. will also show them videos of success stories of other beggars to motivate them.

Delhi govt. is mulling to launch this scheme on the lines of a similar scheme for beggars in Maharashtra. In Maharashtra, this scheme was led by Charity Commission supported by 20-25 individuals, NGOs & government.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Begging – An offense in Delhi and Mumbai
Begging is an offense in both Delhi and Mumbai. All the people involved in this illegal profession may be detained, trained and eventually employed elsewhere. Under Prevention of Begging Act, a child below the age of 16 years and girls below the age of 18 years are prohibited from begging.
In case the beggars found guilty by the Court, then they can be sentenced to minimum 1 year of imprisonment and max. 3 years in Beggar’s Home. Moreover, the dependents of beggars are also liable to get punished.
This scheme is a good step of the govt. in the right direction to make Delhi Beggar-Free. If implemented successfully, this scheme can permanently cure India’s homelessness.
Previous Begging Tackling Scheme – Background
Under the law, govt. often picks up beggars from signals, roads, streets and send them to government homes. But this is not a permanent solution for this major problem as beggars ends up on streets again.
Before the Commonwealth Games in FY 2010, Delhi govt. had taken an intense drive to send them to govt’s home but lack of resources naturally meant they had to be let go. So, Delhi govt. is bringing this new scheme and is going to place this scheme before cabinet very soon.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government has Revised Power Subsidy Scheme to benefit electricity consumers. Now, all the domestic consumers will have to pay a minimal cost of Rs. 2 per unit till the electricity consumption reaches 400 units in a month. Moreover, all the power consumers who are consuming only 100 units per month will get subsidy of Rs. 100 per month on fixed charges. This revised scheme will benefit around 41 lakh registered electricity connection holders in Delhi.
This decision to extend the existing subsidy scheme with revisions is taken in the Delhi cabinet meeting chaired by CM Arvind Kejriwal. This revised extension in subsidy would result in reduced cost per unit and thus will reduce the electricity bills of the people.
All the lower middle income group people along with resettled residents who are consuming less than 100 and 400 units per month will get benefited. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Revised Power Subsidy Scheme
Previously in the month of March 2018, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has increased the fixed charges but reduced per unit charges of electricity consumed. This has varied govt. existing 50% power subsidy scheme for consumption of up to 400 units. The important features and highlights of the revised electricity subsidy scheme are as follows:- 

Now under this revised scheme, govt. has approved flat rate of Rs. 2 per unit on electricity consumption upto 400 units in a single month.
Delhi Cabinet has also approved a subsidy of Rs. 100 per month per consumer on fixed electricity charges for domestic consumers. This subsidy is applicable only to the consumers who are consuming upto 100 units per month.
The state govt. has asked DERC to organize a special audit of subsidy amount through an external auditor. This revised scheme will ensure actual passage to the consumers.
Electricity Bills of around 41 lakh registered electricity connection holders will get reduced.

Discoms owe Rs. 8,000 crore the Delhi govt. owned utilities like DTL and IPGCL-PPCL. Delhi govt. will credit this subsidy amount directly into the account of these government-owned utilities. For the previous 2 years, govt. has not increased the power tariffs in Delhi. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Admission 2018-19 in RPVV – Class 7th – 9th Offline RegistrationRajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya Admission 2018-19 – EligibilityDelhi Admission 2018-19 – RPVV Important Dates
Directorate of Education is inviting application forms for Delhi Admission 2018-19 for admissions in class 6, 7, 8 and 9. Accordingly all the students of govt. / govt. aided / MCD / NDMC and Delhi Cantt Board Schools can apply for admission in classes VI to IX in RPVVs. Interested candidates can download the delhi govt school admission registration form 2018-19 for admission in 21 Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas at edudel.nic.in 
There are around 3000 seats in these schools. All the candidates can apply between 2 April 2018 to 9 April 2018. Candidates will have to appear for the Entrance Exam on 13 April 2018. Application Form for admission in Class 7th, 8th and 9th will be submitted offline to RPVV. 
However for Class 6th admission, online registration will be done at RPVV by Head of Schools where students are currently studying. All the candidates must see the eligibility criteria, important dates and guidelines before filling the delhi govt school admission form 2018-19. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Admission 2018-19 in RPVV – Class 7th – 9th Offline Registration
This year, there are 2170 seats in Class 6th, 189 seats in class 7th, 184 seats in 8th class while 350 seats in 9th class. Class VI Registration is online as specified above. Below is the complete procedure to download the registration form for admission in class VII, VIII and IX in 21 Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas:-

Firstly visit the official website edudel.nic.in
On the homepage, click the “Public Circulars” link or directly click this link
Afterwards, candidates can click “Admission Notice for Admission in Classes VI to IX in Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas for the session 2018-19 @DDE (RPVV)” link
Next Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya School Admission Form 2018-19 will appear as follows:-
Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya School Admission Form 2018-19
Candidates can download this admission form, fill in all the details and submit it at the desirous RPVV School.

Direct link – Candidates can directly click the link given here to download the admission form – Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya Admission Form 2018-19 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya Admission 2018-19 – Eligibility
The candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to appear for the RPVV Entrance Test:-

Only the students of Delhi Govt. / Govt. aided / MCD / NDMC / Delhi Cantt. can apply.
Only the students who have studied in these schools for the past 2 years (2016-17 and 2017-18) are eligible.
Candidates must have secured minimum 60% marks in the previous class.

Entrance Test is of 2 hours 20 minutes (140 minutes) consisting of objectives questions to test the mental and numerical ability, general knowledge and comprehension. In addition to this, candidates hindi and english writing abilities will also get tested. Exam fees of Rs. 50 is applicable for only class 9 while submitting the registration form. After submitting the registration form, candidates must submit the copies of necessary documents.
Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya Admission 2018-19
Delhi Admission 2018-19 – RPVV Important Dates
The important dates regarding entrance examinations for admission in class 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th class are as follows:-


Schedule
Dates


Submission of RPVV Applications
2 April 2018 to 9 April 2018 (9 a.m to 11 a.m, on 9th april upto 1 p.m)


RPVV Examination Date
13 April 2018 (3 p.m to 5:20 p.m)


Result Declaration
19 April 2018 (2 p.m)


Draw / Lottery (if applicable)
20 April 2018


Fees Submission, Document Submission and Admission Process
20 April 2018


All the applicants must possess the previous year marksheet attested by the School Principal or Head of institution. After submission of documents, HOD will issue RPVV Entrance Admit Card.
Related Content – All the students seeking admission in class 9th in Delhi govt. Schools of Excellence can apply through this link – Delhi Govt School Admission 2018-19 for Class 9





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Directorate of Education is inviting application form for Delhi Govt. School Admission Registration 2018 for Class 9 (IX). Accordingly, all the students who have passed their 8th class (VIII) from any govt. / govt. aided / recognized unaided schools can fill admission form and apply for Delhi Admission 2018-19 in Schools of Excellence. Interested candidates can download the application form through official website edudel.nic.in 
In these schools, the medium of instruction is English only for all subjects. For Delhi Admission 2018-19, all the students needs to clear the entrance test which is going to be held on 13 April 2018.
All the interested students seeking admission in Class 9th can fill the admission form and submit it to the desired school between 2 April 2018 to 9 April 2018. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Download Delhi Govt. School Admission Form 2018-19 for Registration
Below is the complete procedure to make delhi govt. school admission registration 2018-19:-

Firstly visit the official website edudel.nic.in
On the homepage, click the “Govt. School Admission Circular Link” or directly click this link
Then click the “Guidelines for Admission in class IX in Schools of Excellence for session 2018-19”.
Afterwards read all the delhi admission 2018-19 guidelines carefully and download the admission form 2018 along with admit card in PDF format.
The delhi govt. school admission registration 2018-19 form will appear as follows:-
Delhi Govt School Admission Registration 2018-19 Form
Here candidates have to fill all the necessary details and submit the form for admission in 9th class in the desirous schools.
Candidates also have to download the admit card for entrance test in pdf format.

Direct Link – All the candidates can directly download the delhi govt. school admission form 2018-19 and admit card through the link – http://edudel.nic.in/upload/upload_2017_18/442_dt_28032018.pdf


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Schools of Excellence Entrance Test – Date / Fees & Details
The entrance test date for the Schools of Excellence Admission 2018 is on 13 April 2018. All the candidates must submit Rs. 50 along with the completed application form in their respective schools. This test will get organized at the schools in which candidate is seeking admission in class 9th. 
This test is of 140 minutes and will contain objective type questions of general knowledge and numerical and mental ability. Also there will be language comprehension and descriptive type questions. The Delhi Govt. School Admission 2018 Date are as follows:-


Admission Process
Important Dates


Starting Date of Submission of Delhi Govt. School Admission Registration 2018 Form
2 April 2018 (9 a.m to 11 a.m)


Last Date to submit registration form 2018-19
9 April 2018 (upto 1 p.m)


Entrance Test
13 April 2018 (3 p.m to 5:20 p.m)


Result Declaration
19 April 2018 (2 p.m)


Date & Time of Draw
20 April 2018 (9 a.m)


Admission (Documents and Fees Submission)
20 April 2018 (10 a.m onward)


All the students seeking admissions in 9th class in delhi govt. schools (Schools of Excellence) can apply as per the prescribed dates and can get admission. 
Related Content – Candidates can also see Class 6th to 9th admission in delhi in Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority will launch DDA Housing Scheme 2018 with 21,000 flats in June this year. The new housing scheme will not include surrendered flats of the previous housing schemes i.e 2016 and 2017. This Latest Housing Scheme is bigger and better and new flats will be more spacious with minimum 430 sq. ft area. Moreover, all the eligible allottees can avail interest subsidy of Rs 1.40 lakh to Rs.2.67 lakh under CLSS component of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban).
All the smaller flats will not get included in one bedroom Lower Income Group (LIG) flats in Housing Scheme 2018. Rather, DDA will place such flats under economically weaker section (EWS) Category. Moreover, there will be separate flats for MIG and HIG categories with prices are yet to get revealed. 
All the applicants can visit the newly constructed houses in Vasant Kunj, Dwarka, Rohini, Narela, Siraspur, Jasola before making application. For more details, visit dda.org.in



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Housing Scheme 2018
All the newly constructed one bedroom houses are more spacious with 430 square feet area while the previous scheme has flat area / size of 323 sq.ft. This year housing scheme will consists of mostly one bedroom flats in addition to two bedroom flats and three bedroom flats.
All the smaller houses will now get separately placed under EWS category in order to ensure that the applicant knows which type of flat he is applying. All the newly constructed flats are located in Vasant Kunj, Dwarka, Rohini, Narela, Siraspur.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA does not includes the surrendered flats as the 6500 allotted flats may get returned once again. Henceforth, DDA will work on changing their design to lure more home-buyers. Furthermore, DDA can merge the previously surrendered two one bedroom flats into one two bedroom flat. 
DDA Housing Scheme 2018 also removes the 5 year lock-in period for resale purpose. All the Applicants can also avail benefits of home loans under CLSS component of PMAY Urban. 
DDA Housing Scheme 2017
In the last year housing scheme, DDA offers 12,617 flats and has received 46,000 application forms. However, around 6,500 people have surrendered their allotted flats because of very small size and backward locations. Moreover, most of the surrendered flats were one bedroom flats with 323 sq.ft area which is very small and not fit for standard living.
The prices of flats under DDA Housing Scheme 2017 were between 7 lakh to 1.26 crore. So, DDA now urges applicants to firstly visit and check the flats before applying for DDA Housing Scheme 2018. This year the housing scheme will not include the surrendered flats of DDA Housing Scheme 2017. 
Only the new flats which are constructed by DDA in the last six months will be on offer. For more information, click dda.org.in 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. has finally approved Ration Doorstep Delivery Scheme under Public Distribution Scheme (PDS). Subsequently, all the beneficiary people will now get ration delivered at their residence. Under this scheme, govt. will primarily focus on wheat, rice and sugar distribution. Accordingly, all the eligible beneficiaries of Target Public Distribution System under National Food Security Act 2013 can avail the benefits of doorstep delivery of ration scheme. 
The state govt. has sent this scheme for approval to Lt. Governor Anil Baijal. After approval, delhi govt. will roll-out this doorstep delivery of ration scheme within one month. This scheme aims to reform the targeted PDS in public interest. 
Read More – Public Services Doorstep Delivery Scheme Delhi – List of All 40 Services



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Doorstep Delivery of Ration Scheme will provide home delivery of essential products to senior citizens or disabled in Delhi. Moreover, this scheme will also resolve the problem of theft and adulteration.
Ration Doorstep Delivery Scheme – Details
The important features of Ration Doorstep Delivery Scheme are as follows:- 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Aadhaar Based Identification process of Ration Card holders will get stopped as the ration comes at their doorstep.
Now People will get freedom from the problem of finding ration shops closed. Accordingly this scheme will enable citizens to get ration delivered at the time of their choice.
Subsequently, doorstep delivery of ration scheme in delhi will address the problems of theft and adulteration as people will get sealed packets. Moreover, govt. will open a new system for grievances redressal in case of complaints.
Henceforth, Delhi govt. has dedicated this doorstep delivery of ration scheme to poor people and relates it to their food.
Furthermore, the state govt. is also going to invite tenders within one month to participate in this scheme.

Cabinet Committee focus on adopting rules and guidelines issued by Minister of Consumer Affairs of Central government. Accordingly, Ration Doorstep Delivery Scheme will ensure home delivery of ration to beneficiaries. These beneficiaries are the people who experiences difficulty in getting their entitled quantum of subsidized food grains due to old age, physical disability etc.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Need for Mission BuniyaadImplementation of Mission BuniyaadMission Buniyaad – Details
Delhi government has launched new education scheme Mission Buniyaad for Students. Subsequently, this scheme will check the learning outcomes of various schools which are run either by the state govt. or by Municipal Corporaations. Accordingly, govt. will appoint mentors monitor the performance of children studying between III standard to VII standard. Moreover, each mentor will perform this task for 5 schools.
Delhi govt. will design and execute this scheme along with MCDs and other local bodies. Accordingly, govt. will design this scheme on the lines of Chunauti Scheme. Missions Buniyaad scheme is going to resolve the issue of learning crisis in schools. Accordingly, govt. will start this scheme from April 2018.
Furthermore, govt. will make every possible effort to provide training to teacher / learning outcome coordinators. This new education scheme will ensure that all the students are able to read their grade level textbooks. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Need for Mission Buniyaad
The state govt. has decided to launch this new education scheme in lieu of the following things:-

National Achievement Survey (NAS) report shows that schools across the country (including Delhi) are facing learning crisis. This survey was conducted by National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT).
As per NAS report, approx. 50% of Class 3rd children in Indian Schools are unable to read their own grade level textbooks.
Children studying in primary classes in various MCD schools are unable to read which effects them in their secondary school studies. Accordingly, these students finds it difficult to cope up with the advanced level studies.
For this reason, Delhi govt. has already taken several initiatives for secondary school students to improve their reading ability up to 20%. However, govt. now wants to improve the learning process of primary school students.

Accordingly, the state govt. will categorize students in 3 categories – Ujjawal, Utkarsh and Udyam group and provide them efficient training to improve their learning skills.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Implementation of Mission Buniyaad
The state govt. wants to implement this new education scheme as soon as possible. The implementation of this mission will include the following provisions:-

For designing and execution, Delhi govt. will work in collaboration with MCDs and other local bodies.
Subsequently, govt. will design this scheme similar to the previous Chunauti Scheme which assess students between Class 6th to 9th class.
Accordingly, Delhi govt. will appoint a single mentor for every 5 schools who will check and monitor the progress of learning outcomes of the concerned schools. Govt. will implement this program similar to the Mentor Teacher Programme of government schools.
Moreover, the primary task of mentors is to track the children’s performance studying between 3rd class and 7th class.
The state govt. is going to extend this scheme to MCD schools as well.

Mission Buniyaad – Details
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

This new education scheme will improve their reading skills and skills in mathematics as per their age appropriate level.
Under this scheme, govt. will divide students in 3 categories (groups) which are as follows:-

Ujjawal – Students who are excellent learners and who are able to properly read and prove their skills at par with the standards.
Utkarsh – All those students who scores medium level marks will get placed in this group.
Udyam – Govt. will mainly focus on this group which includes students who are behind their peers.


Subsequently, govt. focuses on bridging this gap through a collective approach.
Accordingly, govt. will train teaching coordinators or learning outcome coordinators.
Moreover, govt. urges all the parents to track the progress of their children. In addition to this, if parents feels that their ward requires some extra effort, then they can send their children on special training in the month of May – June this year.
Furthermore, the state govt. is also making efforts to provide food and facilities to the children who comes to school for special classes.






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government is going to launch Aam Aadmi Health Card Scheme for all residents. Subsequently, govt. will issue health cards to keep an electronic health record of all the citizens. These e-records will consists of information like medical history, ongoing treatment and prescription details. This Mukhya Mantri Health Card Scheme will benefit around 1.8 crore people of the state.
The state govt. will issue these health cards in the later half of FY 2018. Govt. will provide these health cards to all residents including toddlers and senior citizens. Accordingly, this scheme will enable residents to avail free medical services in various state run health care institutions like hospitals, mohalla clinics and poly clinics.
Latest Update – Delhi govt. has changed the name of Aam Aadmi Health Card to Mukhya Mantri Health Card. Accordingly, Director General of Health Services (DGHS) is floating an Expression of Interest (EOI) for properly executing this task. As per the official notification, all the interested companies can submit their proposals on this Health Card Scheme till 28 February 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Aam Aadmi Health Card Scheme – Details
The important features and highlights of this Mukhya Mantri Health Card Scheme are as follows:-

Delhi govt. will provide Mukhya Mantri Health Card to all citizens whose age is 18 years or above.
Henceforth, each candidate must provide his / her Delhi Voter Id Card or Aadhaar Card.
Accordingly govt. will provide health cards to only such people whose age is more than 1 year after the receipt of their Aadhaar Card / Number.
Delhi govt. is going to start a centralized web-based application for management of electronic health records of all citizens.
Subsequently, Mukhya Mantri Health Card Scheme will benefit more than 1.8 crore residents of Delhi. In addition to this, this scheme will enable them to avail health care facilities through Aam Aadmi Health Card.
Furthermore after the receipt of these mukhya mantri health cards, people can get free medical services in several hospitals, mohalla clinics and poly clinics.

In addition to this, Delhi govt. is also mulling to launch the previously proposed health insurance scheme for the welfare of Delhi residents. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


After the orders of Supreme Court, MCD is continuously carrying forward Delhi Sealing Drive. Subsequently, MCD is sealing all the shops in Delhi which are illegal commercial establishments running in the residential areas without any authorization. To resolve this issue, govt. had introduced Delhi Master plan 2021 which allows mixed land use policy, thus making commercial activity legal in residential areas.
However, this Master Plan 2021 was not sufficient to resolve this sealing issue. Accordingly, Delhi Development Authority (DDA) headed by LG has finally approved 3 proposals to amend Master Plan 2021 – Increasing Floor Area Ratio (FAR), Reducing the Conversion Charges and lastly, regularization of Agricultural Godowns.
This move of DDA is expected to provide huge relief to the traders from the on-going sealing drive for commercial establishments.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Sealing Drive – DDA 3 New Proposals
Delhi Lieutenant Governor, Mr. Anil Baijal (also DDA Chairman) has presided over the meeting to take decisions to tackle this sealing drive. The decisions taken in this meeting includes these 3 proposals:-

Raising Floor Area Ratio (FAR) – The decision includes the extension of floor area ratio of Local Shopping Complexes (LSC) from current 180 to 300.
Reduction in Conversion Charges Penalities – Other important decision is to reduce the penalities for non payment of conversion charges from existing 10 times to only 2 times.
Regularization Of Agricultural Godowns – Govt. will regularize godowns constructed on 12 metre wide roads.

Shop owners in Delhi are now holding state wise protests against this sealing drive. Businessman has extended their full support for two day bandh organized by Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) against recent sealing of shops. Around 8 lakh shops and factories will participate in this protest and Delhi Market will remain shut for next 2 days. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

CAIT is getting support for bandh from all shops, traders, businessman and factories across all parts of Delhi. Moreover, govt. will focus on legalizing 4th floor of sealing hit areas. Furthermore, there is increasing demand from CAIT to allow basement to get used for commercial activities. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Doorstep Delivery Service Scheme – List of Public Services (Call 1076)How to Apply for Services under Delhi Doorstep Delivery SchemeDelhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme Benefits
Delhi govt. has launched Doorstep Delivery Scheme (Sarkar Aapke Dwar) to enable citizens to receive various public services at their doorstep. Subsequently, people can simply make a call at 1076 number, register their details and a facilitator will come at their doorstep with the necessary papers and get their work done. Under this delivery service, 40 public services like Income Certificate, Age certificate, Driving Licence would be covered. 
The state govt. will hire a private agency for its successfully implementation. This agency will hire Mobile Sahayaks (facilitators) and will set up call centers for better delivery of services. The person who comes for the service delivery would charge an additional fees of Rs. 50 only and would perform all the formalities in his tablet at doorstep of people.
All the citizens now does not have to make visits at the govt. offices. People can now make appointment at their home at any time specified by the people. Moreover, this scheme will also eliminate the need of middlemen to avail the benefits of welfare services. In 2017, around 25 lakh persons have sent applications for these services.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Doorstep Delivery Service Scheme – List of Public Services (Call 1076)
People can just place a Call at 1076 Number to avail any public service under Doorstep Delivery Scheme. Here is the complete list of 40 services under Delhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme:-


List of 40 Services


Government services (13)


OBC certificate / SC certificate / ST certificate
Domicile / Residence certificate


Income certificate
Delayed Birth Order


Delayed Death Order
Lal Dora certificate


Report on Land status
Permanent Identity Card for disabled people


Issuance of ROR
Solvency certificate


Surviving member certificate
Marriage registration Certificate


Enrollment as civil defense volunteer



Transport Department Services (11)


Duplicate RC
Change of address in RC


Transfer of ownership of vehicle
Hypothecation addition


Hypothecation termination
Issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC)


Learner licence
Permanent driving licence (DL)


Renewal of driving licence
Duplicate driving licence (Temporary Copy)


Change of address in driving licence



Services in Social Welfare Department (4)


Delhi family welfare
Delhi family benefit scheme


Handicapped pension scheme
Old age pension scheme


Ration department (2)


Issuance of priority household cards
Updation of member details in different cards


Delhi jal board services (5)


New water connection
New sewer connection


Mutation
Reopening after rebuilding of house etc


Disconnection of water supply



Services in labour department (2)


Registration of construction workers – building construction worker act
Renewal of registration – building construction worker act


Women and child department (2)


Widow pension scheme
Financial assistance to poor widow for daughter’s marriage


Law and Justice department (1)


Marriage licence for marriages of Indian Christians


Under this Doorstep Delivery Scheme, assistants will come at doorstep of citizens who are willing to avail various government services. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

How to Apply for Services under Delhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme
The complete details of Doorstep Delivery scheme and mechanism to avail any service are shown in the video below:-

"आपकी सरकार, आपके द्वार"AAP सरकार भिन्न-भिन्न सर्विसेज लाई है आपके द्वार, बहुत हुआ लाइनों में धक्के खाना अब एक फोन मिलाना और सभी सरकारी सुविधाएं अपने द्वार पर पाना।#केजरीवाल_सरकार_आपके_द्वार pic.twitter.com/RB2nOCCflf
— AAP (@AamAadmiParty) September 10, 2018
Delhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme Benefits
People would be able to avail public services like application for Driving Licence, Pension Scheme, BPL / Priority / Ration Cards and other important services at home. This would save a lots of time and money of the people. Other benefits are mentioned in this tweet by Mr. Kailash Gahlot.

Historic day for all Delhiites… pic.twitter.com/QNZf1bkwZy
— Kailash Gahlot (@kgahlot) September 10, 2018
In addition to this, they will upload necessary documents online putting an end to the need of making unnecessary visits at the government offices.
Delhi Doorstep Delivery Scheme Services
Furthermore after the assurance of Chief Minister on setting up of Internet kiosks for the unemployed youths, LG Anil Baijal has finally approved this scheme. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Nursery Guest Teacher Vacancy 2017-18 Online Application ProcedureEligibility CriteriaHighlights of Nursery Guest teacher Vacancy 2017-18
Directorate of Education, Delhi is inviting online applications for the Nursery Guest Teacher Vacancy 2017-18. Subsequently, candidates can apply online for the posts of nursery guest teachers in various government schools in Delhi. Interested and eligible candidates can apply online through the official website edudel.nic.in 
DOE will appoint these teachers on an ad-hoc & daily basis till the time these teachers become regular / permanent. All candidates having senior secondary qualification and having diploma /certification (at-least 2 years) in Nursery Teacher Training (NTT) program or B.Ed qualification can apply.
Interested candidates can apply online for guest teacher post through the official website before 5 February 2018. Furthermore, DOE will declare the guest teacher merit list 2017-18 at the official website.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Nursery Guest Teacher Vacancy 2017-18 Online Application Procedure
Candidate must use only google chrome browser to fill the online application form. The complete procedure to apply online has been specified below:-

Firstly visit the official website edudel.nic.in
Subsequently on the homepage, click the “RRs / Recruitment” link in the main menu.
Then in the new window, click the “Recruitment (Nursery Guest) / Engagement during 2017-18 (DoE)” link. 
Next, click the “Online Application Form for Engagement of Nursery Guest Teacher for the Academic Year 2017-18” link or directly click this link
Afterwards, the “Nursery Guest Teacher Vacancy 2017-18 Online Application Form” will appear as follows:-
Delhi Nursery Guest Teacher Vacancy 2017-18 Online Application Form
Here candidates have to fill all the necessary details including personal details, qualification details and then click the “Preview” button.
Finally, verify your details enetered and then click the “Submit” button.
Furthermore, candidates must take a printout of the completed application form and keep it for any future reference.

Accordingly, teachers can apply for the posts of nursery guest teachers in the government schools of Delhi. Moreover, to reprint the application format for engagement of assistant guest teachers (Nursery) 2017-18 – Click Here


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Eligibility Criteria
The candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to apply online for the Guest teacher recruitment:-

Educational qualification –

Candidates must have passed Senior Secondary Examination (Class 12th) or its equivalent with minimum 45% marks from recognized board / university.
Diploma / Certification in Nursery Teacher Training program of at-least 2 years or B.Ed (Nursery) from a recognized institute.
In addition to this, candidate must have passed as a subject in Class 10th examination.


Age Limit – Candidate’s age must not exceed 30 years as on 1 January 2018.

For detailed Notification, click the link – Official Notification 
Highlights of Nursery Guest teacher Vacancy 2017-18
Below are the important points at a glance related to the Guse teacher vacancy in government schools of Delhi:-


Post Name
Nursery Guest Teacher


Salary
Rs. 1000 on daily basis


Official website
edudel.nic.in


Last Date to Apply online
5 February 2018


Till the time these guest teachers become regular, they will get salary on daily basis. After getting permanent, these teachers can avail the other benefits of salary, allowances, leaves and other facilities as regular teachers.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Mission Excellence and Play & Progress Scheme for Sports personsGames Under Free Sports Coaching SchemePilot Scheme
Delhi government has launched 2 new schemes – Mission Excellence and Play & Progress Scheme as Free Sports Coaching Scheme to the students of government schools in Delhi. Subsequently, all the talented and emerging sportspersons will get coaching in their school playgrounds in their favorite sport. 
This scheme will ensure that all the students utilizes their energy towards a constructive purpose. School academies and clubs will provide free coaching after school timings and even during holidays. The primary objective of this scheme is to give an opportunity to the children of govt. schools in sports and maximum utilization of the playgrounds.
Under this scheme, govt. will not charge any fees from the school kids to play various games / sports. Sports-persons will act as consultants and govt. will partner several quality academies to successfully implement this scheme. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mission Excellence and Play & Progress Scheme for Sports persons
The important features and highlights of these 2 schemes for emerging and talented sports persons are as follows:-

Mission Excellence – All those sportspersons who represent Delhi in international tournaments and championships will be given Rs. 16 lakh p.a for training and coaching.
Play & Progress Scheme – Students preparing to compete in the National and International tournaments will be given Rs. 2 lakh (below 14 years) and Rs. 3 lakh (14 to 17 years) p.a for training and coaching.
Mission Excellence Play & Progress Scheme

For more details, candidates can visit the official website edudel.nic.in. The assistance will be given to those who are bonafide residents of Delhi for the last 3 years.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Games Under Free Sports Coaching Scheme
This scheme in its pilot phase included 15 games which is now extended to 31 games. The names of some of these sports are as follows:- 


Badminton
Basket Ball
Boxing
Chess
Football


Hockey
Judo
Kabaddi
Volley ball
Wrestling


Baseball
Athletics
Squash
Rugby
Table Tennis


Tae-k-Wondo
Soft ball
Net ball
Skating
Carrom


Gymnastics
Rope Skipping
Wushu
Kho-Kho
Hand ball


Govt. is committed that no student must be deprived of training and coaching due to shortage of funds.
Pilot Scheme
Earlier in the previous academic year, state govt. rented playgrounds of 77 schools for event organization by the sports associations and clubs during holidays. Subsequently, Delhi govt. decides to continue this pilot scheme on a larger extent.
As per the notification, the area of these playgrounds is around 1 acre to provide ample space to the students for practice purposes. Moreover, students of govt. schools are not able to purchase equipments for their practice because of their high cost. Accordingly, Delhi govt. will also frame policies to provide free sports gears and other sports equipment to the students to make training affordable.
In addition to this, Delhi govt. will invite applications from sports academies and clubs to provide affordable training. Moreover to encourage sports activities, the state govt. also approves to create International level Sports Complex in Najafgarh. The total outlay of this complex is Rs. 122 crore. This complex will consists of all the advanced facilities for Cricket, Football, Athletics, Tennis, Swimming etc.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC) launches Atal Jan Aahar Yojana for poor people. Subsequently, people from the economically weaker sections can now buy meals (lunch) at just Rs. 10 from the booths of the civil bodies. Delhi govt. has started this scheme to provide nutritious meals to the needy people in a phase wise manner.
In the initial phase, the state govt. has started this scheme at 5 locations in the areas of South Delhi. All the citizens can avail this scheme and buy lunch in just Rs. 10 from 11 a.m to 2 p.m. 
The state govt. has launched this scheme on the birth anniversary of Atal Bihari Vajpayee to fulfill its pre-election promise. This scheme will cover people from different backgrounds — corporate officials, mechanics, autorickshaw drivers, rickshaw pullers and all other hungry people.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Menu of Atal Jan Aahaar Yojana
Citizens can buy lunch from the stalls of the civic bodies which includes the following dishes:-


Puri
Chapattis


Rice
Rajma


Vegetables
Chhole


Halwa



SDMC is going to provide these subsidized lunches to all sections of the society. Moreover, govt. will lay special emphasis on the quality of the meals given to the people. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Launch of Atal Jan Aahar Yojana
The following member’s launches this public welfare scheme at Matiala Chowk, Nazafgarh Zone:-
— Kamaljeet Sehrawat (Mayor of South Delhi)
— Bhupender Gupta (Chairman of Standing Committee, Civic Body)
— Ramesh Matiala (Opposition Leader)
This scheme is launched while celebrating Good Governance Day on the occasion of birthday of PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
SDMC is going to implement this scheme in phase wise manner. Afterwards, govt. will expand this scheme to cover more citizens. For this, SDMC will open more number of centers in Delhi in addition to the extension of timings to cover the dinner as well. Furthermore, NDMC also launches a pilot project on the same lines of this scheme in Shalimar Bagh, Delhi.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Online RC Transfer Process for Used CarsSending of RC at ResidenceTrade Certificate, Renewal Licence, Permits – Now Online
Transport Department, Delhi Government is going to launch the online process of transfer of ownership of vehicle in Delhi. People have to make lots of rounds to the Regional Transport Office (RTO) to transfer the Registration Certificate (RC) in their name. Now this online RC Transfer Process will reduce the hassle to make limitless rounds to the RTO office. This online system will also ensure transparency in the transfer of ownership.
Government is going to implement this process in phases. Subsequently in the first phase, department will start online RC transfer process for the 4 RTOs – Vasant Vihar, Janakpuri, Indraprastha Depot and Mall Road. Afterwards, govt. will start this online service for all RTOs and their respective zones in Delhi from 15 January 2018.
This online transfer process will reduce dependence of people on the public interface of the Transport Department. Delhi Transport Department is also sending the RCs to the owners through speed post. Furthermore, dept has also started online process for trade certificate for vehicle dealers, licence renewal and permits. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Online RC Transfer Process for Used Cars
Previously, all the applicants have to fill and submit the completed application forms with the necessary documents at RTO. Now, applicants can fill and submit the application form through online mode. Moreover, candidates can scan and upload the required documents for the completion of the online application process. However, dept. has not started this service for smartphones because mobile version for this service is not functional.
Sending of RC at Residence
Transport department also starts the process of sending registration certificates (RC) of vehicles through speed post to the owners. Subsequently this service is available for all applicants who makes their registrations after 1 October 2017. Henceforth, dept firstly sends an SMS on their registered mobile number and then send RCs at their residence.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Trade Certificate, Renewal Licence, Permits – Now Online
Moreover transport department of Delhi also started the online process of giving trade certificates to the dealers in addition to the process of licence renewal and permits. Accordingly, this online RC Transfer Process will lessen the burden on several offices of transport authority. 
The number of visitors to the zonal transport authority offices are around 45,000 to 50,000 per day. So, the state govt. has made this plan for reduction in the public interface with the Transport Department. Furthermore, now all the applicants will get RC Certificates, renewal licences in a hassle free manner.
All the persons can transfer the RC of the used cars in their own name without making visit to the RTO through the online process. The transport dept. will resolve the minor issues for its successful implementation.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Government has now officially launched the Common Mobility Card Scheme for travelling in DTC buses. Subsequently, this scheme is going to make travelling in public transport more convenient, easy, seamless and cashless for daily passengers in Delhi. Accordingly, people can make use of their metro cards to travel in Metro Trains, DTC and Cluster buses. 
People can now use this Common Mobility Card (CMC) to board DTC buses as well as Metro Trains across the national capital. Moreover, people can use this CMC in any mode of transportation which incorporates an electronic ticketing system.
Latest Update – One Delhi One Ride – Common Mobility Card in Metro / DTC Buses
Till date, people can use these cards in 200 DTC buses and 50 cluster buses. However, govt. is going to make this system functional for all Metro trains, DTC buses and cluster buses from 1 April 2018. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Common Mobility Card Scheme – Usage
The method to use this common card is described below:-

To use this common mobility card, people can tap the Metro Card option on the Electronic Ticketing Machine or ETM in the bus.
Afterwards, this machine will generate an e-ticket and will also show the remaining balance in the account of passenger.
Currently, only the conductors utilize these ETM machines to generate tickets.
After deduction of the ticket amount, the money will get credited to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Account (DMRC).
Finally, DMRC will transfer this amount to the bank account of the Delhi Government.
Furthermore after the pilot phase is over, govt. will design new mobility cards having the names of DMRC and Delhi govt. embedded on it.

This common card will function like Debit Card in all buses in Delhi. The total number of DTC buses is 3900 and the number of cluster buses is 1600 in Delhi. People can make use of this Common Mobility Card in all buses from 1 April 2018.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Common Mobility Card Scheme
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

In the first phase, this scheme will enable the commuters to make use of this mobility card in Delhi Metro and 250 selected buses. These buses includes 200 DTC buses and 50 cluster buses.
However, govt. will make it fully functional for use in Metro trains, DTC buses and cluster buses from 1 April 2018.

This Common Mobility Cards will remain available for purchase and recharge purposes. All the people can buy them or refill them from any Metro Station, Railway Station, Airports, Inter State Bus terminals and DTC bus pass counters.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Government is going to launch Electric Vehicles Subsidy Scheme. Subsequently, this policy will provide incentives to the people who wants to switch from fossil fuels to cleaner energy (electric vehicles). The state govt. has to create a suitable infrastructure and ecosystem to switch to electric buses. Henceforth, central government has already started FAME (Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles) Scheme.
Under FAME scheme, central govt. provides incentives to the buyers of Electric Vehicles to improve adoption and sales. This type of Electric Vehicles Subsidy Scheme will ensure better standards of life to the citizens. For this reason, the state govt. will bring electric vehicles in automobiles and auto component sector. 
Electric vehicles needs charging, so there should be a clarity on power tariff. In addition to this, govt. should also provide subsidy on the power consumption of the electric vehicles. Moreover, govt. should take measures to reduce the cost of purchasing Electric Vehicles making it viable for public transport. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Electric Vehicles Subsidy Scheme
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

Under this scheme, govt. will provide support to all the Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) and Indian manufacturers. 
Moreover, govt. will support several initiatives like inter-operable charging systems and lower road taxes.
Govt. will ensure that this scheme does not have any effect on the manufacturing of the combustion vehicles. Delhi state govt. has already committed to induct 100 electric buses. However, govt. wishes to increase these procurement numbers to 1000. 
This is done in proper scale and size to make India a manufacturing center for battery as well as exports. This is possible as the per capital usage of car is still low in India.
Central govt. will focus to clear the gaps and ambiguity of manufacturers whether they qualifies in the kilometer scheme or not.
Moreover, govt. will include these buses in Automobiles and auto component sector.
Automobile and auto component sector contributes to around 7.2% of India’s GDP (Gross Domestic Product). In addition to this, these sectors provides employment to around 3 crore people. Moreover, govt. exports around 25% of the total manufactured product.

Delhi state government is urging the central govt. to provide subsidy along with financial and technical assistance on the purchase of Electric Buses. To create the policy framework includes the following departments – Ministry of Road Transport, Power Sector and Heavy Industries.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi govt. is inviting suggestions from the electric vehicle manufacturers to simplify procurement of such buses. Furthermore, govt. is making every possible effort for the expansion of automobiles and auto component sector for job creation, GDP contributor and increasing exports.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government has launched Free Tirth Yatra Yojana to provide pilgrimage trips to senior citizens. Subsequently, the state govt. will bear the cost of 77000 Senior Citizens every year who want to visit devasthan pilgrimages. In addition to this, govt. will also pay for the attendants who are above 18 years of age and accompanying the pilgrims.
Under this scheme, Senior Citizens who are working or retired employees of Central, State or any other local governmental or autonomous body can not avail the benefits of this devasthan tirth yatra scheme. 
Latest Update (5 December 2018) – Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Online Registration Form available at edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Update (10 July 2018) – Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana Approved by CM Arvind Kejriwal.
Only citizens having annual income of less than 3 lakh p.a can take the benefits of this scheme. This scheme will basically help the poor people who are unable to visit pilgrimages due to high cost.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mukhyamantri Free Tirth Yatra Yojana – Devasthan Trips
All the senior citizens can opt for one of the following 5 places for visit purpose which are as follows:-

Mathura-Vrindavan-Agra-Fatehpur Sikri
Haridwar-Rishikesh-Neelkanth
Ajmer Sharif-Pushkar
Amritsar-Wagah Border-Anandpur Sahib
Vaishno Devi-Jammu

Govt. will provide this free tour for 3 days and 2 nights. Accordingly, this scheme will cost state govt. around Rs. 7000 per pilgrim.
Delhi Free Tirth Yatra Yojana – Details
The important features and highlights of this devasthan tirth yatra scheme are as follows:-

This scheme will provide free pilgrimage trips to around 77000 senior citizens per year.
Subsequently, the annual income of the eligible citizens from all sources must not exceed Rs. 3 lakh.
In addition, delhi govt. will also bear the cost of the attendants (above 18 years) who accompanies the senior citizens during their tour.
Senior citizens working under any governmental body (Central/State/Local) are not eligible.
Delhi Tourism and Transportation Development Corporation is going to organize these 3 days and 2 nights trips.
This scheme will get funded from the existing funds of Tirth Yatra Vikas Samiti.
Moreover, this scheme is expected to cost Rs. 7000 per pilgrim to the state exchequer.

All the candidates can apply online or through office of divisional commissioner, MLA or Tirth Yatra Committee. Furthermore, the selection process involves the draw of lots. The state govt. is going to launch this scheme soon.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Nursery Admission 2018-19 Schedule – Start Date & Last DateEligibility CriteriaMarking Scheme of Nursery Admission 2018-19List of documents for Nursery Admission 2018-19References
Directorate of Education, NCT Delhi has released the admission Schedule for the Nursery Admission 2018-19. Subsequently, this schedule will make the application process smooth for the Entry level Classes (Nursery / KG / 1st). Accordingly, all the parents can apply for their wards below 6 years of age to get admission in 1700 private unaided recognized schools. Interested candidates can apply online through the official website edudel.nic.in 
The state govt. will conduct admissions for 75% seats while the central govt. will fill the remaining 25% seats. These 75 per cent seats are of open category other than economically weaker sections and disadvantaged category. 
Henceforth, the online registrations will start from 27 December 2017. The candidates will have to apply online through the official website before 17 January 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Nursery Admission 2018-19 Schedule – Start Date & Last Date
The entire schedule for the Admissions for Nursery, KG and 1st Classes is given below:- 


Admission Process
Schedule


Uploading of Eligibility Criteria and Points in the Dept. Module
26 December 2017


Start Date of Admissions
27 December 2017


Start Date of Online Application Process & Availability of Forms
27 December 2017


Last Date to Submit Application Forms in Schools
17 January 2018


Upload of Children details
1 February 2018


Upload of Marks of Children to Directorate of Education
8 February 2018


Display of First List (including Waiting List)
15 February 2018


Queries Resolution of Parents
16 Feb – 20 Feb 2018


Display of Second List of Selected Candidates
28 February 2018


Parents Query Resolution
1 March 2018 – 7 March 2018


Subsequent List of Admission
15 March 2018


End Date for Admission Process
31 March 2018


Eligibility Criteria
The candidate must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to get admission:- 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Age Limit –

Pre School (Nursery) – Candidates should fall below the age of 4 years as on 31 march of the year in which candidate is seeking admission.
Pre Primary (KG) – The age of the candidate must be below 5 years of age as on 31 March of the year of admission.
Class I – Candidates age should be less than 6 years on 31 march of the admission year.



Marking Scheme of Nursery Admission 2018-19
Candidates will get admissions through 100 point system. Subsequently, school management will set the eligibility criteria and then upload list on the educational website till 26 December 2017.
The online application forms will get available at school or through online mode from 27 December 2017. Moreover, DoE forms monitoring cell to resolve the queries of parents. 
List of documents for Nursery Admission 2018-19
The candidates have to produce the following documents at the time of admission as follows:-

Ration Card / Smart Card of Parents.
Domicile Certificate of Child / Parents.
Voter I-Card of Parents.
Electricity / Telephone / Water bills or Passport of Child / Parents.
Aadhar Card / UIDAI Card of Parents.

References
— Candidates can see the Admission Schedule using the link given below:-
Admission Schedule
— Furthermore candidates can see the official website edudel.nic.in 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Cabinet has approved the proposal for the Free Treatment Scheme for accident victims in the state. The state govt. will now bear the entire cost of treatment of road accident and acid attacks victims. Accordingly, these victims can avail free treatment at any government or private hospitals. In addition to this, this scheme will also provide coverage to the victims of fire-related incidents on streets.
The Free Treatment Scheme will provide immediate financial assistance in order to reduce the mortality rate of the accident victims. Previously, the state govt. has launched Good Samaritan Scheme and now will also bear the treatment cost. Subsequently, Good Samaritans can admit the accident victims to any hospitals in the golden hour after accident to save their lives.
Details of Free Treatment Scheme for Road Accident Victims
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


This treatment scheme is approved in the CM Kejriwal headed cabinet meeting and is now sent to the Governor for approval.
Under this scheme, govt. will provide treatment to the accidents victims as shown below:-


Type of Victims
Treatment Type
Hospital Type


Road Accident Victims
Free
Both Govt. and Private Hospitals


Acid attacks victims
Free
Both Govt. and Private Hospitals


Fire Incident Victims
Free
Both Govt. and Private Hospitals



Moreover, there is a provision that if the accident victim is not a resident of Delhi and the accident happens in Delhi, even in that case the state govt. is going to provide free treatment in any of the govt. or private hospitals.
In addition to this, the state govt. will give Rs 2000 to the persons who brings the victim to the hospital.

Need for Free Treatment Scheme for Accident Victims
— In case of accident or any mis-happening, most people tend to take the victim to the govt. hospital even if the private hospital is nearby.
— Subsequently, this results in denial of treatment to the victim in emergency (within the golden hour).
— Accordingly to provide treatment and to save the lives of such people, govt. needs to launch this scheme. 
As per the official data, around 8000 road accidents occurs on roads of Delhi annually which affects approx. 15000 to 20000 people. Moreover, around 1600 people die per year in these road accidents. So to reduce the mortality rate in the state due to accidents, the state govt. has launched this scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi state govt. is going to issue Mobility Card to the citizens to make travelling via public transport easy in the state. Subsequently, citizens can use this card in Delhi Metro trains as well as buses run by Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC). Accordingly, the primary objective to launch this scheme is “One City, One Card”. Henceforth, Delhi govt. is going to launch this scheme in the month of January 2018.
Latest Update – One Card for Common Mobility in Metro / DTC Buses
Initially, passengers can use this card only in a few DTC buses. However after some time, the state govt. will install this facility in all DTC buses and those operating under Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System (DIMTS). 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Basic Requirement of Mobility Card

The basic requirement to implement this scheme is of infrastructure and system installation for connectivity purpose.
Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will provide this basic facility.
Delhi govt. is keen to make use of Delhi Metro Card in several DTC buses as soon as possible.
For this reason, the state govt. has already resolved several issues of coordination and connectivity between DTC and DMRC.

Implementation of Mobility Card for Public Transport
This mobility Card project was proposed in the year 2010. Earlier the state govt. decided to launch this scheme in July 2016, but the implementation of the Mobility Card Project got delayed. Subsequently, the state govt. has carried out various trials to test the functioning of mobility cards in the DTC buses. 
Delhi govt. has tried this facility in Phase III project and now they are going to install a machine on their buses. Accordingly, now their systems are capable to accept the mobility cards. Henceforth, DTC will install several ETMs in the buses. This machine will read the cards and will also process the receipts. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Several mega cities such as London, Seoul, Singapore and Hong Kong are already using a common transport card for travelling purpose in public transport. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Free Coaching Scheme 2020How to Apply for Delhi Free Coaching SchemeEligibility for the SchemeDocuments Required for the SchemeDelhi Free Coaching Scheme GuidelinesImplementation of Delhi Free Coaching Scheme
Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana – The state govt. of Delhi is running a free coaching scheme for meritorious students belonging to SC / ST / OBC or General (EWS) category. The scheme was was earlier only for SC and ST students but the scheme was extended to meritorious students of general (EWS) category in Delhi. Under this scheme, Delhi government is providing free coaching for the preparation of civil services, law, engineering, banking and other competitive entrance examinations.
The state govt. bears the entire fees of the coaching of the students whose family income is less than Rs. 8 lakh. This scheme benefited around 5,000 eligible students of the state in 2019-20.
Delhi free coaching scheme 2020 is for the empowerment of the poor students through education. This scheme is applicable for the all the meritorious students across the state. The name of this scheme is “Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana”.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Coaching Scheme 2020
Students can avail the scheme to prepare for examinations conducted by the Union Public Service Commission, Delhi Subordinate Services Selection Board, Staff Selection Commission, Railway Recruitment Board, banks and insurance companies and to prepare for medical and engineering pre-examinations.
The state government has reserved about 15000 seats in 46 different reputed coaching institutions across Delhi. The maximum financial assistance a student can avail under the scheme was also increased from Rs 40,000 to Rs 1 lakh.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Out of the total students who can be enrolled under the scheme, 75% would be those who have completed their studies from govt. and rest 25% from private schools.
Delhi government has specified the provisions for this free coaching scheme which are as follows:-
All the students who have passed class 10th and 12th and whose family income is below Rs 2 Lakh p.a will get 100% financial assistance for coaching. Accordingly, the state government will bear their entire fees of coaching classes.Moreover, the state govt. will provide the financial assistance of 100% of the coaching fee to the students whose family income is between Rs 2 lakh to Rs 8 lakh. However, the maximum amount is Rs. 1 Lakh.The maximum financial assistance which can be given under this scheme is Rs. 1 Lakh
Below is the duration and quantum of fee for each coaching programme
Delhi Free Coaching Scheme Fee Details
How to Apply for Delhi Free Coaching Scheme
The candidates who wish to get free coaching under the scheme will have to follow the procedure as given below.
The candidates will have to apply for the financial assistance by making registrations with any of the coaching centers present in the list.Candidates have to appear for the qualification (eligibility) test of that particular coaching center.All the qualified candidates can then apply for the financial assistance for fees payment as per their eligibility.The state govt. will bear coaching fees of up to Rs 1,00,000 for preparation of IAS, IPS, Railways, banking and other competitive examinations.All the qualified candidates will also get Rs 2,500 Per Month as expenses for books and study material for the entire duration of coaching.The state govt. will directly transfer the money into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries.However only 50 % of admissible coaching fee is to be provided by the Govt. for students who avail 2nd time coaching facility under the scheme
Eligibility for the Scheme
The students who wish to apply for Delhi free coaching scheme must fulfill the eligibility criteria as given below.
Must be of SC / ST / OBC / General (EWS) categoryFamily income must be less than 8 Lac per annumShould have passed 10th & 12th from Delhi
Documents Required for the Scheme
Below is the complete list of documents required for application under Delhi free coaching scheme4 Passport Size Photos, Aadhar Card, Caste Certificate, Income Certificate, 10th & 12th Certificates
Delhi Free Coaching Scheme Guidelines
The detailed revised guidelines of the free coaching scheme in Delhi can be downloaded in PDF format from the official website of SC / ST welfare department of Delhi government using the below given link.
Jai Bheem Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana Guidelines: http://scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in/
Implementation of Delhi Free Coaching Scheme
This scheme was required because many intelligent students lacks proper coaching from the renowned institutes. Therefore, the success rate for them is low in the competitive entrance examinations. This scheme is going to provide financial support for such candidates as follows:
Department will put an advertisements to inform various coaching centers about the scheme.Afterwards, the department will go the institutes to make their voluntarily registration for this scheme.Finally, govt. will prepare a list of credible coaching centers and ask the candidates to make registrations.
The state govt. is going to launch this scheme for the up-liftment of students belonging to lower categories. Delhi Free Coaching Scheme will result in better performance of the SC / ST candidates in the competitive examinations.
Helpline Number
Students can call the central helpline number for all Delhi government schemes at 011-23379511.
For more information about the scheme, visit the official website of SC / ST Welfare department at http://scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The Delhi government has launched “Education Loan Guarantee Scheme” for those students who are studying outside the national Capital in any part of the country. This scheme will encourage the students to enroll in any colleges and universities outside the Delhi. 
Under the education loan guarantee scheme, the state government has made an arrangement to provide the loan facilities of up to 10 lakh for Delhi students who are studying in any part of country. 
The Delhi government will provide amount of up to 10 lakh education loan for Delhi students who wants to pursue college education in any part of the country under the Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Education Loan Guarantee Scheme
Recently, the Delhi government has given approval to enroll over 55,000 students who have failed in Class 10th exams twice or more times. These students will be enrolled in National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS). 
Under NIOS, the failed student will get all opportunity to pass the exam and study further. Additionally, the government is also planning to established more centers for girls who are travelling too far from their homes. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Earlier, under the education loan guarantee scheme was only for Delhi students who are studying within the state but now this scheme has extend to Delhi student who wants study outside the national capital.
According to the official notification, earlier those students were failed in 10th exam held by Central board secondary exam (CBSE). They got another chance to clear the exam under Patrachar Vidyalaya scheme but this scheme was partially successful due to poor implementation. 
Therefore, the Delhi government has made a decision to enroll the failed students in NIOS. This center will improve the condition of student and provide equal opportunity to set up their carrier.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The Delhi Police has launched a new scheme “YUVA” to improve the image of the police among common man. The objective of the scheme is to provide certain skills to bring the youth of the country on right path.
YUVA – skill development program is an initiative by Delhi Police under Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana. Under this program, skill development training centers will be opened by the Delhi police in the police stations to build up people’s confidence and faith in police department.
Under YUVA skill development program, around 2,269 candidates have been selected to be trained in 45 skills in the next three months by 36 training partners. Therefore, a total of 32 police station buildings have been identified where Skill Development Centers will be opened as soon as possible.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

YUVA – Skill Development Program
The aim of this initiative is to connect with youth by upgrading their skills as per the requirement of society. This program will help youths to get a fruitful employment under Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana under the Ministry of Skill Development. 
For providing mass job link skill training for the selected candidates, Delhi police has tied up with National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) and Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) under Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY). 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) will provide skill training to the youth under ‘Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojna’ (PMKVY) and CII will provide job linked training through its Sector Skill Councils who are connected to industry for selected candidate.
According to the official notification, the youth in the age of 17-25 years will be selected from all 13 districts by Delhi police. The selected candidates for this training will be belongs from different category particularly from the underprivileged colonies such as School dropouts, Juvenile offenders, Victims of crimes and families in dire state due to incarceration of the bread earner of the family.
This is a good initiative by the Delhi police to make youth employable and establish connection with the youth and community. Through this program Delhi police will go a long way in building a positive image among citizens. 
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspx?relid=170332





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Free Surgery Scheme in DelhiList of Private Hospitals for Free SurgeryList of SurgeriesEligibility Criteria for Free Surgery Scheme
Delhi government has announced a scheme that provide free surgery at private hospitals if patient don’t get response for a surgery at a govt. hospital within one month. Under the scheme, Delhi govt has tied up with 48 hospitals to facilitate 30 surgeries free of charge for patient referred by govt. hospitals in Delhi, Gurugram, Faridabad and Noida.
According to the scheme, the patient will have the option of choosing a private hospital, where he wants to undergo surgery. People from all income groups can take benefits of this scheme, the only eligibility criteria would be that the patient must be a Delhi NCT resident undergoing treatment at a government hospital.
Free Surgery Scheme in Delhi
Today heath services are much expensive and anyone who suffers from any serious illness, it becomes the biggest worry for the family to provide a better healthcare service. Delhi has became the first state in the country that provide free of cost surgery at private hospitals.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under the scheme, Such cases will be taken care of at 48 NABH-accredited private hospitals in Delhi-NCR. These include Moolchand Hospital, Rockland Hospital and Batra Hospital etc..
List of Private Hospitals for Free Surgery
For All Surgeries
Batra Hospital, MB Road, Tughlakabad Institutional Area, New Delhi-44
Bhagwati Hospital, Sector-13, Rohini, Delhi-85
Maharaja Agrasen Hospital, Rohtak Road, Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi-26
Mata Channan Devi Hospital, C-1 Block, Janak Puri, New Delhi-58
Max Super Specialty Hospital, FC-50, C 8L D Block, Shalimar Bagh,
Delhi Park Hospital, 12, Chowkhandi, New Delhi-08
R.L.K.C Hospital Metro Heart Institute, Naraina Road, Pandav Nagar, New Delhi-08 Rockland Hospital, Qutub Institution Area, New Delhi-17
Saroj Hospital and Heart Institute, Madhuban Chowk, Rohini,Delhi-85
Sri Balaji Action Medical Institute, FC-34, A-4, Paschim Vihar Delhi-63
Tirath Ram Shah Charitable Hospital, Rajpur Road, Delhi-54 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

For All Surgeries (including Heart Surgery) except Eye 81 ENT 
Delhi Heart & Lung Institute, Panchkuian Road, New Delhi-55
Metro Hospital and Cancer Institute, 21, Community Center, Preet Vihar, Delhi-92
Metro Hospital 8i Heart Institute, 14, Ring Road, Lajpat Nagar-IV, New Delhi-24
Moolchand Khairati Ram Hospital, Lajpat Nagar, III, New Delhi-24
National Heart Institute, 49 Community Centre, East of Kailash, New Delhi-65 
All Surgeries except Heart Surgery
Bansal Hospital, A-1, New Friends Colony, New Delhi-65
Bhagat Chandra Hospital, RZ-F-1/1, Mahavir Enclave-ll, Palam Colony, New Delhi-45
Deepak Memorial Hospital, Vikas Marg Ext-ll, Delhi-92
Goyal Hospital Ik Urology Centre, E-4/8, Krishna Nagar, Delhi-51
Jeewan Mala Hospital, 67/1 8i 66A/2,New Rohtak Road, Delhi-05
Jeevan Anmol Hospital, Mayur Vihar Phase – I, Opposite Pratap Nagar, Delhi-91
M.G.S. Hospital, Rohtak Road, Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi-26
Panchsheel Hospital, C-3/63A, 64A, Wazirabad Road, Yamuna Vihar, Delhi-53
For Uro-Surgery & General Surgery only
Jain Hospital, 177-178, Jagriti Enclave, Delhi-92
Jeewan Nursing Home &. Hospital, 2B, Pusa Road, New Delhi-05
Khandelwal Hospital and Urology Center, B-16, East Krishna Nagar, Delhi-51 
For Eye Surgery only
Bharti Eye Foundation, 1/3 East Patel Nagar, New Delhi-08
Center for Sight, B 5/24, Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-29
Dr. Pattnaik’s Laser Eye Institute, C-2, Ground Floor, Lajpat Nagar – III, New Delhi-24
Narang Eye Institute, B-8, Derawal Nagar, Delhi-09
Shroff Eye Centre, A-9, Kailash Colony, New Delhi-48
Visitech Eye Care, A-10, South Extn. Part -II, New Delhi-49 
NCR Hospitals
Asian Institute of Medical Sciences, Sec-21A, Badkal Flyover Road, Faridabad
Metro Heart Institute, Sector 16-A, Faridabad
Sarvodaya Hospital, VMCA Road, Sector 8, Faridabad
Park Hospital, J-Block, Sec-10, Opp. Court, Faridabad
Max Super Specialty Hospital, W-3, Sec-1, Vaishali, Ghaziabad
Narinder Mohan Hospital & Heart Centre, Mohan Nagar, Ghaziabad
Yashoda Hospital & Research Centre, lll-M, Nehru Nagar, Ghaziabad
Yashoda Super Specialty Hospital, H-1, Koushambi, Ghaziabad
Park Hospital, Q-Block, South City-ll, Sector -47, Sohna Road, Gurgaon
Metro Hospital & Heart Institute, H-Block, Palam Vihar, Gurgaon
Medanta- The Medicity, Sector-38, Gurgaon
Metro Heart Institute, X-1, Sector 11-12, L-94, Noida
Prakash Hospital, D-12, Sector- 33, Noida
Kailash Hospital 8i Heart Institute, H-33, Sector -27, Noida
ICARE Eye Hospital, E-3A, Sector 26, Noida
List of Surgeries

CABG (Heart By-pass Surgery)
Laproscopic Gall Bladder Surgery Kidney Stone Surgery (PCNL) (17 Types) Prostate Surgery (TURP) (2 Types)
Thyroid Surgery (8 Types) Haemorrhoidectomy (Piles) Surgery (9 Types)
Laproscopic Appendix Surgery Cataract Surgery Nasal Surgery (3 Types)
Ear Surgery (6 Types)
Throat (Tonsillectomy) Surgery (2 Types) Other Specified General Surgery

Eligibility Criteria for Free Surgery Scheme

No Income Limit
The scheme is for all Delhi residents
Referral from 24 Delhi Government Hospitals Surgery will be done in 48 NABH accredited DGEHS empaneled private hospital
Required any one Delhi residence proof document like Aadhaar, Voter ID, Driving License, Passport, Extract of Electoral roll






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Form DownloadDDA Housing Scheme 2017 Brochure DownloadAdvertisement of DDA housing scheme 2017 launch
Delhi Development Authority has finally launched its much awaited DDA housing scheme 2017 and the application forms are being invited from 30th June. The applications for DDA housing scheme are being invited through both online and offline modes. The last date of application is 11th August 2017.
The application forms and scheme brochure of DDA housing scheme 2017 can be downloaded in PDF format from the official website of DDA at www.dda.org.in.
READ MORE: How to Apply Online for DDA Housing Scheme 2017



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Form Download
The application form of DDA Housing scheme 2017 (DDA Aawasiya Yojana 2017) can be downloaded from the below link.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Form


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Below is the snapshot of application form
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Form
The cost of application form is Rs. 200 which would have to be paid in form of DD in favor of Delhi Development Authority at the time of form submission along with the earnest money which is Rs. 1 Lakh for Janta, EHS and LIG flats and Rs. 2 Lakh for MIG and HIG.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Brochure Download
The brochure of DDA housing scheme 2017 can also be downloaded in the PDF format from the official website using the link below.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Brochure
Delhi Development Authority is offering about 12000 flats under its 2017 housing scheme across the capital region at following locations
– Rohini
– Dwarka
– Narela and Siraspur
– Jasola
– Pitampura
– Paschim Vihar
– Jahangirpuri
– Vasant Kunj
– Sukhdev Vihar
– Sarita Vihar
– Kalyan Vihar
– Loknayakpuram
– Mukherjee Nagar
– Kondli Gharoli
The flats are being offered as Janta flats and for LIG, MIG and HIG categories. The actual cost of number of flats is available in the scheme brochure.
For more details visit the official website of DDA at www.dda.org.in
Advertisement of DDA housing scheme 2017 launch
DDA Aawasiya Yojana 2017 (DDA Housing Scheme 2017) Advertisement | Credits TOI Epaper





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban (PMAY-U), a flagship housing scheme of central government would soon be implemented in Delhi NCT. The Union Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation (HUPA) has signed an agreement with the state government of Delhi for implementation of PMAY in Delhi.
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Delhi
Nearly two years after the launch of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, the government has resolved the key issues during a meeting with Delhi L-G Anil Baijal recently. Since the land ownership for most of the land in Delhi is hold by the central government under Delhi Development Authority while some lies with Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB) which is under the Delhi government.
In recent meeting, it was decided that the MoU would be signed between MHUPA, DDA and DUSIB for the implementation of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Delhi. Under the MoA, is has been decided that the state would comply with some certain conditions which includes



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

– Amendments in Master Plan of Delhi for earmarking land for affordable housing.
– Single window time-bound clearances for layout approvals and building permissions.
Implementation of PMAY in Delhi
Delhi Development Authority (DDA) and Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB) would act as the state nodal agencies for implementation of various components of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban in Delhi NCT.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The government has recently announced CLSS for MIG under which it is providing subsidy on housing loan to people belonging to MIG category. Earlier, the CLSS was applicable only for EWS and LIG categories.
Construction of over 18.75 Lakh affordable homes have been approved by the MHUPA under PMAY since its launch. Several state governments and urban local bodies are conducting demand surveys for the implementation of PMAY.
The applications for assessment of candidates under PMAY are also being invited through the official website of PMAY at pmaymis.gov.in. Interested candidates can visit the official website and fill the assessment form.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application FormsApply Online for DDA Housing Scheme 2017DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Flat Details Eligibility Criteria for DDA Flat Scheme 2017
Delhi Development Authority is soon going to launch its 2017 housing scheme soon after the conclusion of MCD polls on 23rd April. The much awaited flat scheme of Delhi Development Authority will be offering about 13000 flats as compared to more than 24 thousand flats in earlier 2014 scheme.
DDA Housing scheme 2017 has been delayed due to the pending work in the flats being offered. The scheme is finally expected to be launched just after the MCD polls. The ambitious flat scheme of DDA would offer about 13000 flats in total out of which most are located in Rohini, Dwarka, Narela, Vasant Kunj and Jasola.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Forms
The application forms for DDA Housing scheme 2017 most probably would be available through both online and offline modes. The authority has already tied up with 5 private sector banks and 3 public sector banks for distribution and acceptance of application forms. Below is the list of banks for DDA housing scheme 2017 application forms.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

List of Banks for DDA flat scheme 2017 application forms


Name of Bank
No. of Branches


Bank of Baroda
99 branches


Yes Bank
48 branches


Axis Bank
118 branches


IDBI Bank
84 branches


Kotak Mahindra Bank
50 branches


State Bank of India
29 branches


Central Bank
28 branches


HDFC Bank
6 branches


Apply Online for DDA Housing Scheme 2017
Interested applicants would also be able to apply online for 2017 housing scheme of DDA through the official website at dda.org.in. To pay the registration earnest money, the facility of online payment gateway would be provided. The payment of registration amount would also be handled by the bank branches through electronic mode.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The online applications for DDA housing scheme 2017 most probably be facilitated through the official website at dda.org.in. The applicants would be able to pay the registration amount through both online and offline modes by using the online payment gateway and generating a challan respectively.
The direct link to online application forms for the scheme would be available once the scheme is launched.
Registration Cost for Flats
The registration earnest money for DDA housing scheme 2017 has been revised and the new fee will be as below
Janta, LIG, & EHS (Expendable Housing Scheme) – Rs. 1 Lakh per application
MIG and HIG – Rs. 2 Lakh per application
If any applicant withdraw their application before the scheme draw, entire application fee will be refunded without any interest. However, this time DDA has decided to forfeit the entire earnest money if the applicant surrender the flat after draw or apply for cancellation of allotment.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Flat Details
The authority is offering over 13000 flats in its upcoming scheme out of which majority of the flats consists of 1 bedroom, hall and kitchen. Out of which, more than 11500 flats will be offered only to lower income group of the society while rest will be for other categories.



Category
Number of Flats
Area in Sq. Mt.
Tentative Cost in Rs. Lakh


HIG
79
77.57 to 142.4
41.62 – 140.24


MIG
398
64.04 to 109.88
30.23 – 70.07


LIG
11671
28.34 to 52.63
14.95 – 28.54


Janta
437
18.85 to 30.45
6.68 – 15.15


EHS
563
24.19 to 77.57
11.67 – 77.57



Most of the flats being offered under the new scheme are old constructions and from the surrendered flats of 2014 scheme.
Most of the flats in DDA 2017 scheme would be available at the following locations.
Sarita Vihar, Jasola, Dwarka, Pitampura, Sukhdev Vihar, Narela, Rohini, Jahangirpuri, Loknayakpuram, Dilshad Garden, Paschim Vihar, Bindapur and Mukherjee Nagar.
 Eligibility Criteria for DDA Flat Scheme 2017
The interested candidates who want to apply for 2017 flat scheme of DDA should fulfill the below mentioned eligibility criteria.

The applicants should be a resident Indian about the age of 18 years.
The applicant should not own a house/flat/residential plot in his/her or spouse’s or children’s name anywhere in India.
Both husband and wife can apply for the scheme but if bot are allotted a flat only one can retain.

The detailed information on application procedure, eligibility criteria, payment modes and flat details would be available after the scheme is launched. You can also visit the official website of DDA at dda.org.in for the same.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Online Applications for DDA Housing Scheme 2016DDA Housing Scheme 2016 – A BriefLocation of Flats in DDA Housing Scheme 2016
Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is all set to launch its much awaited DDA housing scheme 2016 near Diwali. The authority would be offering about 12K flats for the EWS, LIG, and MIG categories across the capital city.
Each housing scheme of Delhi Development Authority is highly anticipated by the home seekers. A lot of people shows there interest by applying for the scheme offered by DDA. In fact, DDA received more than 9 lakh applications for its housing scheme 2014 for allotment of about 25K flats.
The authority invited the applications through both offline and online modes in 2014 scheme but this time, the authority to go entirely online. According to the media reports, the authority may come up with the online only option for application for DDA housing scheme 2016.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Online Applications for DDA Housing Scheme 2016
The online application process is being adopted by the authority to bring in more transparency & efficiency to the whole process. All the details such as application fee, procedure, eligibility criteria, modes of payment and scheme brochure would be available online.
The authority is also expected to raise the registration fee amount this time. According to the reports, the authority may require LIG & MIG applicants to pay Rs. 3 Lakh and 5 Lakh respectively compared to just Rs. 1 Lakh in previous scheme. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Housing Scheme 2016 – A Brief
The DDA housing scheme 2016 may be launched in the first week of October with a total of about 12000 flats on offer. However, the final decision on the launch date would be taken in a meeting of senior DDA officials on 23rd September. 
The flats would be 1BHK and 2BHK type. The scheme is also expected to include some of the surrendered flats of 2014 scheme. Majority of the flats in 2016 housing scheme of Delhi Development Authority would be of the one bedroom type.
Of total, about 90% of the flats would be offered to the Lower Income Group (LIG) category while the rest would be for the MIG category. There would not be any flats on offer for the higher income group in the 2016 housing scheme.
Location of Flats in DDA Housing Scheme 2016
Almost all the LIG flats being offered in the upcoming scheme are from the old constructions and located in Rohini, Dwarka, Narela, Vasant Kunj and Jasola.
The cost of flats in 2016 scheme is expected to be higher compares to last scheme. The cost of LIG flats would be between Rs. 18-20 Lakh while MIG flats would be priced between Rs. 60 to 70 Lakh.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Delhi has launched Chunauti Scheme for primary class students (Class I to V). Earlier, this scheme was launched for students in Class 6 to 9. This scheme will help in correcting learning disparities among the students.
Under the Chunauti Scheme, all the students from the primary class will be segregated. The segregation of the students will be based on their learning abilities. The selected student will be given special classes in government and municipal schools.
Recently, a meeting was held in Delhi during which state advisory council for education has taken this decision. This decision was based on the success of Chunauti scheme in Classes 6 to 9. This scheme will improve the learning levels among students.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Chunauti Scheme for Students
The education department will organize a test to read, write Hindi and English and solve mathematical problems. On the based of test, students will be segregated for the benefits of the scheme. As per the assessment, it was found that 74% of 2,01,997 children studying in class 6th could not read a paragraph from their own Hindi textbooks and 46% could not read a Hindi story of Class 2 level.
The state advisory council for education has decided to rank private and government schools of the state. The rank will be given on the basis of many parameters including academics, sports activities, cleanliness, exam results and extracurricular activities. The ranking of schools will be overlooked by the Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights (DCPCR).


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The government will conduct a door-to-door survey with the help of Anganwadi workers to compile data on students who are dropped from the schools. Moreover, the government would find some volunteers who would help in ascertain those students who are out-of-school in their respective areas. They will help in enrollment of those students in the school.
Moreover, the government will launch a toll free helpline number to get the information about the students. In addition, the special training will be given to principals and teachers on how to behave with the students who are coming from economically weaker sections (EWS).





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The Delhi Tourism department is all set to organize Delhi Summer Festival 2016 from June 24-26 at Dilli Haat in Janakpuri.
Delhi tourism minister Kapil Mishra on Wednesday made the announcement that the yearly mango festival is being rechris­tened as the summer festival with added features.
This will be an exclusive summer treat for all dilli walas. Till last year, Delhi had been celebrating the fragrant and flavorful mango and that too for 27 glorious years.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

“This year, under the theme of Summer Festival, we will have three days of fan­tastic extravaganza in Dilli Haat, Janakpuri,” Mishra said


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

 




(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority has approved proposal to launch DDA Online Scheme for Commercial Properties. This online running scheme would be for 225 commercially built-up properties on first-come-first-serve basis. This decision is taken in an authority meeting of urban body held on 13 August 2019.
This DDA Online Scheme for 225 Commercial Properties would be based on the same lines of previous schemes launched by Housing Department for disposal of undisposed built-up units. Most of the units will be small shops which may be taken by small shopkeepers through online system. 
All of these units are located in Rohini, Narela and East, West, South zones of DDA.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Online Scheme for Commercial Properties
DDA new scheme for commercially built up properties would be operational until entire inventory is disposed of. The list of available shops with tentative size, location and tentative cost would be made available on dda.org.in website. All the desirous applicants can apply online and opt for specific units on FCFS basis. Once a person is selected for a specific unit online, then he / she is required to deposit token money of 10% of cost of unit within 30 minutes. 
Till the expiry of 30 minutes, the selected unit would not be available for selection by other people. In DDA meeting, the authority even approved disposal of residential plots for group housing societies through e-auction mode. All the individuals, partnership firms, private & public limited, consortium which have sufficient funds to purchase land and develop project can be part of it.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the developers would be required to develop group housing as per Master Plan of Delhi 2021. It has 15% of floor area ratio (FAR) for community service personnel and lower category housing. This economically weaker section (EWS) component would be over and above the permissible FAR.
The auction purchaser needs to complete EWS portion firstly and obtain occupancy certificate for this portion. This is to be done before getting occupancy certificate for remunerative portion. The developers must not handover possession of non-EWS flats to anyone before handing over EWS flats to DDA.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/dda-nod-for-launching-online-scheme-for-commercial-properties-on-first-come-first-serve-basis/1674773/
SAVE AS PDF


सभी वरिष्ठ नागरिक अब भर सकते हैं दिल्ली मुख्यमंत्री मुफ्त तीर्थ यात्रा के लिए आवेदन पत्र, जून 2019 से शुरू होगी यात्राChief Minister of Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal has approved Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana. After the Supreme Court decision, all objections imposed by Lt. Governor are overruled. Under Tirth Yatra Yojana, Delhi govt. will bear the entire cost of around 77,000 pilgrims per year to visit pilgrimages. All the senior citizens who are 60 years or above in age are eligible for free Teerth Yatra. Even one attendant of 18 years or more age is also allowed with senior citizens in this package. 
CM tweets on 9 July 2018 “Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Approved. All objections overruled. Dy CM will brief media today on its details”. Delhi has 70 Assembly Constituency (Vidhan Sabha Kshetra) and now Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana will benefit 1,100 senior citizens from every legislative assembly constituency. 
Latest Update – Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Online Application Form available at edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

This travel of pilgrimage places will be of 3 Days and 5 days. All the selected citizens will also get an insurance coverage of Rs. 1 lakh.
Delhi Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana – See Package & Apply Online
This visit to the Teerth places is absolutely free of cost. Citizens will not have to spend any money from their pocket. This travel would be of 3 Days and 2 Nights. The online application forms are not out yet. As soon as it becomes available, we will update it here so that senior citizens can apply online. The places which will be covered under this scheme are as follows:-
Travel package


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});



Delhi – Mathura – Vrindavan – Agra – Fatehpur Sikri – Delhi


Delhi – Haridwar – Rishikesh – Nilkanth – Delhi


Delhi – Ajmer – Pushkar – Delhi


Delhi – Amritsar – Wagah Border – Anandpur Sahib – Delhi


Delhi – Vaishno Devi – Jammu – Delhi


Insurance Cover – All the selected candidates will also get an insurance of Rs. 1 Lakh. Applicants have to submit a self declaration that all the information furnished by them is accurate and they have not taken the benefit of this scheme earlier. 
Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana – Eligibility, Features & Details
The important features and highlights of Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana are as follows:-

Applicant must be a permanent resident (citizen) of Delhi.
He / She must be at-least 60 years of age.
All the selected senior citizens can take one assistant of 18 years or more with them. Delhi govt. will bear the entire cost of senior citizens along with their assistants.
Government Officers, Employees and Workers cannot take the benefits of this scheme.
All the selected candidates will have to make a self certification that all the details entered by them are correct.
Only those citizens who have not taken the benefit if this scheme earlier are eligible.
All the selected pilgrims will also get an insurance cover of Rs. 1 lakh.
Govt. will use Air Conditioned (AC) buses for travel. Even the food and breakfast will be arranged by the state government.
Application Forms needs to be submitted online. Application forms will also be filled by the Office of the Divisional Commissioner Office, Office of the concerned MLA or office of pilgrimage committee.
Lottery Draw is the only technique for the selection of candidates.
Concerned authorities will verify that the selected beneficiary is from Delhi and other information furnished by him is correct.
Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Twitter

Delhi Revenue Minister Kailash Gehlaut said that “This scheme is expected to start from next month”.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in/in/en/Home/Index.html
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Merit Cum Means Scholarship SchemeEligibility Criteria for Merit cum Means Scholarship Fee Waiver SchemeList of Universities
Delhi govt. has launched ‘Merit cum Means’ scholarship scheme in the capital state with an aim of providing benefits to the students from poor families and needy student of different income groups. 
Merit cum means scholarship would be a fee waiver scheme that provide scholarship for the students who are pursuing higher studies in the national capital. All students undergoing any undergraduate courses in state university colleges of Delhi would be eligible for this scheme.
Merit Cum Means Scholarship Scheme
The purpose of the merit cum means scholarship scheme is to remove the barriers from a needy student’s who has capability to achieve the goal and can serve to the country. Through this scheme a good student can grow further to make better future. Merit cum means scholarship scheme would financially help the poor students and help them achieve their life goals.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Eligibility Criteria for Merit cum Means Scholarship Fee Waiver Scheme

To take the benefit of the scheme the students must have secured at least 60 per cent marks in the class he/she has just passed.
100% Fee Waiver: Students belonging to Below Poverty Line (BPL) category will get 100% fee waiver under the scheme.
50% Fee Waiver: Half of the fees will be paid by the Delhi Government if the student comes from a family with income upto Rs 2.5 lakh per annum.
25% Fee Waiver: For students from families with income above Rs 2.5 lakh and not exceeding Rs 6 lakh per annum, 25% fees will be waived off.

Students belonging to SC/ST community would get an extra 5% waiver in the fee under the scheme.
List of Universities
Below is the complete list of universities in Delhi students of which are eligible to get fee waiver under the merit cum means scholarship scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology
Delhi Technological University
GGS Indraprastha University
Ambedkar University
Delhi Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research University (DPSRU)/li
Indira Gandhi Delhi Technological University for Women
The Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT), when this institution becomes a state university

It is expected that Delhi Government Merit cum Means scholarship scheme would benefit about 20,000-25,000 students. Often due to poor and moderate means of income, students have to face financial crises and fees payment issues. This fee waiver scheme of Delhi will help students to focus on studies not fees.
Govt. has announced Rs. 10 crore budget for the academic year 2017-18 for Merit cum means scholarship scheme. Government would ensure that no child is left behind in the higher education due to inability of paying the fee.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Delhi is going to be launched Free coaching scheme and an app to apply for loans for students. Under the scheme, the state government will provide loan facility and free coaching for competitive exams for students of the SC, ST, OBC and minority communities. These two initiatives will launch by the Delhi government on 6 December 2017.
The state government has informed that the welfare department of SC / ST is already providing coaching to students but now the selected student will get the coaching in the reputed institution. In addition, the state government will bear the entire the fees of the students. These schemes will be operational by the welfare of students of SC, ST, OBC and minority communities, Delhi government. 
However, these two initiatives to be launched at an event at Chhatrasal Stadium on December 6, by the CM of Delhi with members of the communities. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Free Coaching Scheme & an App for Students
As per the released notification, the SC / ST Department was taken a place on rent and hire some teachers to provide coaching classes but they were irregular and not that well attended. Therefore, the state government is going to launch a new scheme for students of SC, ST, OBC and minority communities. Under the scheme, the student will study alongside general category students at reputed coaching centres.
Main highlights of Free Coaching Scheme


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


This scheme will provide coaching for engineering and medical entrances as well as Central and State government-held exams for various services.
Subsequently, the beneficiary students will be selected from 75 % of government schools while 25 % students of private schools.
Moreover, the students whose family income is under or below Rs. 2 lakh annually. The Delhi government will bear 100% of the fees.
Besides, the students whose family income is between Rs. 2 lakh and Rs. 6 lakh per annum. The government will pay 75% of the coaching fees.
Under the scheme, the state government will cover around 5000 students every year.

Apart from this, the state government will also launch a mobile App on the same day at Chhatrasal Stadium. This App will launch for the members of the SC, ST, OBC and minority communities. By using the app, these members will be able to apply for small loans to establish their own enterprises. 
The Delhi SC/ST/OBC/Minority and Handicapped Finance and Development Corporation (DSFDC) will provide the paperwork for the loans offered at the initial stage. After this, the paperwork will be completed within a week with the help of this new launching mobile app, as per the notification.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is planning to launch housing scheme in May 2017 offering more than 500 flats for the general public. DMRC would be offering 2BHK and 3BHK flats in Janakpuri and Okhla. The cost of the flats would be between Rs. 60 Lakh to Rs. 1.20 Crore.
Delhi metro housing schemes would offer 460 flats in Janakpuri and 90 in Okhla. The plots where the flats would be constructed are located near the Okhla and Janakpuri (West) metro stations. The flats would be allotted on the basis of open draw and will be delivered within 2 years till 2019.
Delhi Metro Housing Scheme Application Forms
The applications forms and brochure of Delhi Metro Housing scheme would be released in the next month, i.e. May 2017. The applications for the scheme will be invited through offline mode only, it is not clear yet. In the days of digitization, Delhi Metro may also open online front for the applications for flat bookings.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The application forms for Delhi Metro housing scheme might be available at the designate bank branches, some metro stations or the DMRC offices across the city.
The interested applicants would be required to pay the booking amount along with the application form. If the candidate is not selected in the draw, his/her entire registration/booking amount would be refunded without any deductions.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

15% of the total flats would be reserved for the economically weaker section of the society.
This is the first time Delhi Metro is offering flats for the general public. The DMRC had constructed flats for its own staff in in Shastri Park, Yamuna Bank and Pushp Vihar until now. DMRC is working on finalizing the contours of the scheme and once ready, the corporation would publicize the scheme and invite applications from general public.
More details about Delhi Metro housing scheme 2017 such as application procedure, eligibility and flat details etc would be available once the scheme is officially launched in May.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

DDA Housing Scheme 2017 LaunchFlats in DDA Housing Scheme 2017DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Forms
Delhi Development Authority has almost decided the launch date of DDA housing scheme 2017, the scheme will now be launched in the end of May of beginning of June. According to the reports in HT, the authority has completed all the formalities of the scheme and the file is before the LG for final approval.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Launch
The scheme would be launched after the LG gives its final approval during a meeting with DDA officials to be held in 3rd or last week of this month. DDA housing scheme 2017 launch date has been extended a few times due to some other factors including Delhi Municipal Elections in April 2017 and demonetization in November 2016.
The authority is offering a total of about 13000 flats under is 2017 housing scheme out of which only 3509 flats are 2 BHK for Middle Income Group while rest are 1 BHK Lower Income Group flats or Janta flats. DDA this time has decided not to put a lock in period on the selling of flats which means the owner would be free to sell his/her flat anytime.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

But, DDA has also decided to forfeit the registration amount of the lucky draw winner if he/she wish to surrender the flat or cancel the allotment. The lucky draw winners would have the option to either buy the flat or leave the registration fee which is Rs. 1 lakh for LIG and Janta flats and Rs. 2 lakh for MIG and HIG flats.
Most of the 1BHK flats being offered under the scheme are ones which were surrendered by the winners in 2014 housing scheme of DDA. Once the scheme is launched, people would be given a time of about one month to apply for the scheme. Thereafter, the scrutiny of applications would about take one month before the announcement of winners in lucky draw.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The possessions of flats under DDA housing scheme 2017 would be given in September-October as the unfinished civil work and services in the colonies will be completed around that time.
Flats in DDA Housing Scheme 2017
Below are the details of flats being offered under DDA housing scheme 2017.
13,148 – Total no. of flats
11,671 – LIG/one-bedroom flat
79 – HIG
398 – MIG
563 – EHS (Expandable Housing Scheme)
437 – Janta
Flats being offered are spread across Jasola, Sarita Vihar, Narela, Rohini, Paschim Vihar, Jahangirpuri, Bindapur, Pitampura, Loknayakpuram, Dwarka, Dilshad Garden, Sukhdev Vihar, Mukherjee Nagar.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Application Forms
The application forms of DDA housing scheme 2017 would be available at more than 450 branches of 5 private sector banks and 3 public sector banks across the country. The detailed list of bank branches for DDA housing scheme application forms would be available only after the scheme is launched.
Application forms may also be invited through online mode this year through the official website of DDA at www.dda.org.in.
Complete details of the application procedure, eligibility criteria, flats and other information would be available once the scheme is launched.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Online Applications for DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017Flats under DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017Application fee for DDA Housing Scheme 2016
Delhi Development Authority has announced its much awaited DDA Housing Scheme 2016 for allotment of about 13000 flats in different areas across Delhi. DDA Housing scheme 2016 applications process will be completely online, brochures will be available online. Applications forms will be invited through online modes to bring in more transparency and avoid the long queues at banks.
Online Applications for DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017
However, no exact dates has been finalized but the online applications for DDA Housing scheme 2016 would be invited from December end or beginning of January 2016. The authority has taken the step on inviting online applications to reduce the burden of banks especially in times when there are already long queues of people after demonetization of Rs. 500 and 1000 Notes.
Online application process for the scheme would also help in faster application form processing & verification and bring in transparency to the whole process.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA housing scheme 2016 online applications may be invited through the official website of Delhi Development Authority at www.dda.org.in.
Flats under DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017
A total of about 13000 flats would be offered under the 2016 housing scheme. Out of which, more than 11500 flats will be offered only to lower income group of the society while rest will be for other categories. Below are the complete details of flats being offered under the scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});



Category
Number of Flats
Area in Sq. Mt.
Tentative Cost in Rs. Lakh


HIG
79
77.57 to 142.4
41.62 – 140.24


MIG
398
64.04 to 109.88
30.23 – 70.07


LIG
11671
28.34 to 52.63
14.95 – 28.54


Janta
437
18.85 to 30.45
6.68 – 15.15


EHS
563
24.19 to 77.57
11.67 – 77.57


Most of the flats being offered under the new scheme are old constructions and from the surrendered flats of 2014 scheme.
Location of flats
The flats under 2016 housing scheme are located in various colonies across the capital city such as Sarita Vihar, Jasola, Putampura, Narela, Rohini, Sukhdev Vihar, Dwarka, Loknayakpuram, Dilshad Garden, Jehangiripuri, Paschim Vihar, Bindapur and Mukharjee Nagar.
Application fee for DDA Housing Scheme 2016
Application money for DDA housing scheme has been revised and the new fee will be as below
Janta, LIG, & EHS (Expendable Housing Scheme) – Rs. 1 Lakh per application
MIG and HIG – Rs. 2 Lakh per application
If any applicant withdraw their application before the scheme draw, entire application fee will be refunded without any interest. However, if the allottee surrender the flat or apply for cancellation of allotment, no refund will be done, in this case his/her entire application money will be forfeited.
More details about DDA housing scheme 2016 will be available as soon as the scheme is launched or keep visiting the official website of DDA at www.dda.org.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

ITI Delhi Admissions 2017 Online ApplicationList of Documents Required for Online RegistrationList of Delhi Govt’ ITI’s
ITI Delhi admissions for 2017 session are starting from 29th May and the interested candidates can apply online for taking admissions using the official website at www.itidelhiadmissions.nic.in. Delhi Government has issued notice for admissions in Delhi Government’s Industrial Training Institutes (ITI).
Online registrations for ITI Delhi admissions 2017 would open on 29th May and the last date of registration would be 15th June 2017. The verification of applications and documents would start from 16th June.
ITI Delhi Admissions 2017 Online Application
Online application forms for admission in ITI in Delhi for the academic year 2017-18 are being invited from 8th and 10th pass interested candidates. ITI’s in Delhi are offering various certificate level engineering and non-engineering trades / courses of 2 and 4 semester duration. Online application forms through itidelhiadmissions.nic.in can be filled for taking admissions in Industrial Training Institutes/Basic Training Institutes for the academic year 2017-18.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

To apply online for admission in Delhi ITI, please visit the official website at below link
www.itidelhiadmissions.nic.in
Important Dates


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});



Event/Task
Date


Start Date of Registration
29 May 2017


Last Date of Registration
15 June 2017


Start Date of Verification
16 June 2017


Choice Filling
27 June 2017


The candidates applying online are requested to read the instructions carefully before filling the application form. Registration fee of Rs. 200 is payable at the time of registration. Each candidate who fill the online registration form needs to visit any Govt. ITI for further verification of documents. Original documents along with their photocopies would be required for verification.
List of Documents Required for Online Registration
Candidates are advised to get their following documents ready for registration process
1. Mark-sheet (10th / 8th)
2. Caste Certificate (If any)
3. Other Relevant Documents
4. Aadhar Card
5. Bank Account Details
6. Credit card / Debit card / net banking etc for cashless registration
Download prospectus of ITI Delhi Admissions 2017 for more information about the admission process, institutes details and number of seats available using the link below.
Download Prospectus
The detailed step by step procedure for online registration is given at this link.
List of Delhi Govt’ ITI’s
Following is the list of 13 Co-ed ITI’s and 6 women ITI’s running under NCVT/SCVT in Delhi.


Name/Location of ITI
ITI Code


Co-Ed Institutes


Pusa, New Delhi
12


Arab-Ki-Sarai, Nizamuddin, New Delhi
13


Shahdra, Delhi
95


Sir CV Raman, Dheerpur, New Delhi
09


Malviya Nagar, New Delhi
17


Jail Road, New Delhi
64


Jahangir Puri, New Delhi
33


Nand Nagri, Delhi
93


HJ Bhabha, Mayur Vihar, Delhi
91


Ch. Braham Prakash, Jaffarpur, Delhi
48


Lala Hans Raj Gupta, Narela, Delhi
40


Veer Savarkar, BTC Pusa, New Delhi
12


Mangol Puri, Industrial Area, Delhi
83


Women Institutes


Jija Bai, Siri Fort, New Delhi
49


Savitri Bai Phule, Mori Gate, Delhi
06


Tilak Nagar, New Delhi
18


Vivek Vihar, Delhi
95


Hastsal, Delhi (Ext. Center of ITI Jail Road)
58


ITI for Women, Nandi Nagri (MSDP)
NA


Below are some of the salient features of Delhi ITI’s

Well equipped labs and workshops with latest tools and equipment as per the revised syllabus of DGET, Govt. of India
All round personality development by curricular and non curricular activities.
No tuition fee for the girls, SC, ST, PH and Orphan candidates.
Collaboration with companies like TATA, Maruti, Samsung, Jaguar, LG, IGL, Toyota, Daikin, Oriental Insurance, Siemens etc. for placement assistance.
Well experienced and dedicated faculty.
Various govt. scheme and scholarships available for deserving candidates.
Provision of railway concession/DTC buss passes and hostel for boys.

More details about the online application procedure in Delhi ITI can be found on the official website at itidelhiadmissions.nic.in or on the website of Delhi education department at tte.delhigovt.nic.in.
CONTENT SOURCE: Advertisement Published in TOI, 28th May.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


State-run Energy Efficiency Services Ltd (EESL) will be distributing 9 Watt LED bulbs in the capital city from July onward. The LED (Light Emitting Diode) bulbs will be available to both the home consumers as well as to commercial entities at same rates.
Under the central Governments’s UJALA (Unnat Jyoti by Affordable LED’s for All), government will distribute 9 watt LED bulbs in Delhi at discounted prices.
Earlier, 7 Watt LED bulbs were being distributed under the scheme which will no longer be available for sale. The consumers who already bought these 7 watt LED bulbs and facing some issues can get those replaced from dedicated replacement centers.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The new 9 watt LED bulbs are technically superior than the earlier ones and each bulb can help save anywhere between Rs. 160 to Rs. 400 per year. The life expectancy of the bulb is 25000 hours, making the cost recovery in less than one year.
The Ujala LED scheme will be implemented across 87 circles in Delhi. Under the Ujala Scheme, over 66 lakh LED bulbs have already been distributed resulting in an annual energy saving of 86 crore kWh.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the Ujala online dashboard, 12,37,51,757 LED bulbs have been distributed across the country till June 28.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

How to Apply Online for DDA Housing Scheme 2017Scheme Brochure and Application FormDDA Housing Scheme 2017 Flat Locations and DetailsDDA Housing Scheme 2017 Eligibility Criteria
Online application forms for the much awaited DDA housing scheme 2017 (DDA Aawasiya Yojana 2017) has been opened from June 30th, 2017. DDA housing scheme 2017 online applications forms are being invited through the official website of the Delhi Development Authority at www.dda.org.in. The interested eligible candidates can apply online or offline for about 12000 flats on offer in 2017 housing scheme of DDA.
DDA housing scheme 2017 is linked with the credit linked subsidy scheme of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban under which flat winners would be eligible for the interest subsidy on home loan taken to buy a DDA flat.
How to Apply Online for DDA Housing Scheme 2017
Applications for DDA Aawasiya Yojana 2017 are being invited through both online and offline modes. The step by step online application procedure to apply through www.dda.org.in is given below.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

IMPORTANT DATES:
Start Date: 30 June 2017
Last Date: 11 August 2017
STEP 1: Check your eligibility for DDA housing scheme 2017.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 2: Check the flat locations and details and go to the official website of Delhi Development Authority at www.dda.org.in.
STEP 3: Click on the link “DDA Aawasiya Yojana 2017” under the Online Public Service column in the left side of the homepage.
STEP 4: After clicking the link, a new page will open which will guide you about detailed instructions of DDA housing scheme 2017 online application procedure through several banks.
STEP 5: Click on any of the links as per your wish, fill all the personal details, select type of flat, and fill other required details in the online registration form and submit. Both online and offline payment modes are available for paying the registration fee. Below are the direct links to apply online for DDA Housing Scheme 2017


Sr. No.
Apply Online Link


1.
Axis Bank


2.
Central Bank of India


3.
 HDFC Bank


4.
Kotak Mahindra Bank


5.
ICICI Bank


6.
IDBI Bank


7.
State Bank of India


8.
Yes Bank


Registration Fee
Janta, LIG, & EHS (Expendable Housing Scheme) – Rs. 1 Lakh per application
MIG and HIG – Rs. 2 Lakh per application
Allotment of the flats would be done on the basis of computerized draw in the presence of independent judges.
Visit the official website at www.dda.org.in
Scheme Brochure and Application Form
The application form and scheme brochure in PDF format can be downloaded from the official website of DDA at dda.org.in using the links below.
Download DDA housing Scheme 2017 application form & brochure
The application form and scheme brochure for offline applications would also be available at a cost of Rs. 200 at DDA Sales Counter at Vikas Sadan an the bank branches of SBI, Central Bank of India, IDBI bank, Axis bank, ICICI bank, HDFC bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and Yes bank at different locations across the country.
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Flat Locations and Details
Approximately 12000 flats (Janta flat, LIG, MIG and HIG) are being offered under the DDA 2017 housing scheme which are located at the following locations:
– Rohini
– Dwarka
– Narela and Siraspur
– Jasola
– Pitampura
– Paschim Vihar
– Jahangirpuri
– Vasant Kunj
– Sukhdev Vihar
– Sarita Vihar
– Kalyan Vihar
– Loknayakpuram
– Mukherjee Nagar
– Kondli Gharoli
The complete details of the flats are available in the scheme brochure.

DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Eligibility Criteria
Below is the basic eligibility criteria for the 2017 housing scheme of Delhi Development Authority

Any citizen of India whose age is above 18 years can apply online or offline for the scheme.
The applicant must not own any residential flat or plot in urban area of Delhi, New Delhi or Delhi Cantonment either in his/her own name or the name of his/her spouse or in the name of his/her dependent relations including the unmarried children.
One candidate can submit only one application.
Husband and wife both can apply separately for the scheme but if both successful in the draw, only one can retain the flat.

Helpline
Interested applicants can call toll free number at 1800-110-332 or contact at the following address
Director (Housing) – 2, Vikas Sadan, New Delhi – 110023, Tel: 011-24690723
DDA Housing Scheme 2017 Advertisement
Below is the advertisement published by Delhi Development Authority
DDA Aawasiya Yojana 2017 (DDA Housing Scheme 2017) Advertisement | Credits TOI Epaper





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Delhi has announced that they will provide a tablet computer at free of cost for all teachers and principals in the national capital government schools. The distribution of tablet computers in schools will help to reduce the non-teaching burden.
The Delhi government will finance Rs. 50 crore to procure the tablets and computers for all the government schools. The digital gadgets will help the schools’ teachers by collecting the data of students’ attendance. In addition, teachers can send the direct message to parents by using the digital gadgets regarding the child’s attendance.
Accordingly, the tablet computer will be equipped with an Internet data card to provide the help of teachers in their work. Moreover, the education department is going to prepare a proposal to procure tablet computers for around 50,000 teachers and principals of the 1024 government schools across the Delhi.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi government schools
By using the data of the education department, Delhi government has informed that the transition loss from Class X to Class XII has come down over the last years. As per data, in the year of 2013-14 stood at 62,158 but now it came down to 18,405 in 2016-17.
The distribution of tablet computers to teachers will start in the next two month. Besides syllabus training, the government is also considering to provide training to the teachers in many activities. These activities will correct the interaction mistake between teacher and student. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The distribution of tablet computer decision was taken in cabinet meeting because most teachers are complaining to the government that they are not providing enough time for teaching as they are engaged in data entry or management works including maintenance of attendance registers, preparation of students’ report cards, etc.
Therefore, Delhi government has decided to provide tablet computers to the teachers of all government schools. An internet data card also will be provided to the teachers so that they complete the required work online.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Government is planning to launch an Aam Aadmi Health Insurance Scheme in the capital city to cover over 40 lakh families. Named as Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana, the scheme will be launched to provide health insurance cover to people below certain income level.
Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana will be launched for the 4 years in first phases to cover an estimated 40 Lakh families in the capital city. The health department of Delhi Government has opened a Request For Qualification (RFQ) to shortlist insurance companies who can bid for the scheme till end of May, in the first stage of screening. 6 companies will be shortlisted in the first stage to bid in the second stage.
Named as Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana, the scheme will cover only the families falling below a certain income threshold. The families above that threshold can also apply for the scheme if they can pay the premium decided by the Government.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Treatment Center Coverage Under Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana
Delhi government will include treatment at all government hospitals under the insurance scheme. The scheme will also include treatment at identified and empaneled private hospitals. According to the a senior health department official, the government is expecting a package of at least 1700 health institutions under the scheme.
Delhi Dialogue Commission (DDC) came up with the provision of launching a new health insurance scheme in the capital city to fil the gaps in coverage of existing such schemes including the Delhi Arogya Nidhi and Rashtria Swasthya Bima Yojana.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

According to the officials, Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana is expected to cost about Rs. 500 crores annually to the Delhi Government.
Aam Aadmi Swasthya Bima Yojana – Disease Coverage
The government is looking to include several diseases under the scheme including cancer and neurological diseases, cardiac problems or organ transplants. These treatments are cost intensive and are often partial assistance is included under the existing health insurance schemes.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

BPL List (Till 2020-2021) Based on (SECC-2011) NREGA Data1. Based On Inclusion & Exclusion in NREGA SchemeState Wise BPL List Download – Find Your NameMGNREGA Convergent Planning ListSECC-2011 Data Summary – Deprivation Households Data
If you are looking to check your name in the BPL list upto 2020-2021 to avail benefits of social welfare schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Gramin), PM Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY), PM Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana (Saubhagya) or any other, you are at the right place. The selection of beneficiaries for may social welfare schemes is done on the basis of BPL households in the state/country.
The inclusion or exclusion of a family in the BPL list is already decided in the Socio-Economic Caste Census-2011 data and the complete state wise list of BPL households can be downloaded from the respective websites of state departments. The BPL list is is must for those who are looking to enroll themselves for availing the benefits of welfare schemes in 2019-2020, especially designed for the BPL families.
The complete state wise list of BPL families / households / candidates can be seen at the official websites of state government departments or in SECC-2011 data. Other than the BPL list, government may decide few other parameters for the selection of beneficiaries for various schemes. It is important to note that there is no proper BPL List 2020-21 which is publicly available, as the list is a part of Socio-Economic Cast Census Data – 2011.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

BPL List (Till 2020-2021) Based on (SECC-2011) NREGA Data
People can check their name in the BPL list through any of the 2 methods described below:-
1. Based On Inclusion & Exclusion in NREGA Scheme
In Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA Scheme), under this scheme most of the BPL households are covered / included, hence, you one can check name in BPL list by looking at the list of NREGA job cards at its official website. For checking name in the all India final BPL list, based on NREGA job cards list, below is the complete procedure:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 1: To download the BPL List from SECC 2011 Data (based on MGNREGA data), candidates can directly click this link – https://nrega.nic.in/.
All India BPL List Based on NREGA
STEP 2: To check your name in the IPPE2 final BPL list, candidates can click the “State Name” to reach to the next page which will be displayed as below. 
Find Name in NREGA BPL List
STEP 3: On this screen, users have to select the financial year (Up to 2020-2021), district, block, panchayat and then click on the “Proceed” button which will take you to the list of NREGA job cards (Almost all of those belongs to the BPL families).
On the next page, you will see the complete list of all NREGA Job Cards or the most of the BPL candidates as shown below.
BPL List Based on NREGA
STEP 5: Finally, candidates can click the “Job Card Number / जॉब कार्ड संख्या” to check the complete details of that particular candidate.
However, there is no option to download this IPPE2 SECC list / BPL list file in MS Excel or PDF format. Moreover, candidates can print it also using “Print” command in Windows (ctrl+P). If any person belonging to BPL category is able to find their name in the downloaded SECC 2011 data list (All India Final BPL List 2020-2021), then person would be eligible to avail benefits of various govt. schemes.
Candidates can can press ctrl+F buttons to open the find dialog and search their name in the BPL list based on NREGA upto 2020-2021. If there are multiple entries with the same name, then match it with the address, name of parents and other details.
State Wise BPL List Download – Find Your Name
BPL list based on SECC Data 2011 or later inclusions can also be found in the BPL ration card list which is available for all the 35 states and UTs and can be checked through the respective state/UT department website’s links given below. All the candidates can find their name in the Gram Panchayat Wise BPL Suchi 2020-21.
Name of StateTotal HouseholdsLinkBPL List for 28 States (NREGA Job Cards)Andhra Pradesh1,22,70,164View ListArunachal Pradesh2,60,217View ListAssam64,27,614View ListBihar2,00,74,242View ListChhattisgarh57,14,798View ListGoa3,02,950View ListGujarat1,16,29,409View ListHaryana46,30,959View ListHimachal Pradesh14,27,365View ListJammu and Kashmir20,94,081View ListJharkhand60,41,931View ListKarnataka1,31,39,063View ListKerala76,98,556View ListMadhya Pradesh1,47,23,864View ListMaharashtra2,29,62,600View ListManipur5,78,939View ListMeghalaya5,54,131View ListMizoram2,26,147View ListNagaland3,79,164View ListOdisha99,42,101View ListPunjab50,32,199View ListRajasthan1,31,36,591View ListSikkim1,20,014View ListTamil Nadu1,75,21,956View ListTripura8,75,621View ListUttarakhand19,68,773View ListUttar Pradesh3,24,75,784View ListWest Bengal2,03,67,144View ListUnion Territories BPL List (NREGA Job Cards)Andaman & Nicobar Islands92,717View ListChandigarh2,14,233View ListDadra & Nagar Haveli66,571View ListDaman & Diu44,968View ListNCT of Delhi33,91,313View ListLakshadweep10,929View ListPuducherry2,79,857NA
Telangana is a new state which got separated from Andhra Pradesh after FY 2011, so BPL List of Telangana People is not present separately. People of Telangana state can check their name by selecting their district in the Andhra Pradesh BPL List.
MGNREGA Convergent Planning List
All the people can also check their name in the MGNREGA convergent planning list. This list is prepared by the central govt. after inclusion of National Rural livelihood Mission (NRLM), Indira Awas Yojana (IAY), Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY) and National Social Assistance Programme (NSAP) beneficiaries. The MGNREGA Convergent Planning list can be accessed through the link:-
http://mnregaweb4.nic.in/The MGNREGA Convergent Planning List will appear as shown below:-
MGNREGA Convergent Planning List SECC 2011 Data
Here candidates can select the State, District, Tehsil / Taluk, Gram Panchayat and click at “Submit” button to open the MGNREGA Convergent Planning Households List as shown below:-
MGNREGA Convergent Planning Households List
This list would contain the SECC TIN Number, district, tehsil / taluk, block, gram panchayat, village name, household size, age, gender, social category and job card details.
SECC-2011 Data Summary – Deprivation Households Data
People can check SECC 2011 Data Summary at the official website – secc.gov.in and the entire summary report can be checked at the link below:-http://secc.gov.in/statewiseSeccDataSummaryReport?reportType=SECC%20Data%20Summary#
Click at the option of “Save Report” to save the entire SECC-2011 data report in “Microsoft Office Excel Worksheet” file. Candidates can even check the zone wise list which comprises of the type of households, gender, disability, education, caste, income and employment profile along with assets and land ownership. In addition, category wise list is available for SC / ST / Female / Disabled and other category people. All the displayed data is on the basis of income source, salaried jobs, house type, exclusion, inclusion and deprivation.
The total number of households belonging to Below Poverty Line (BPL) which is an economic benchmark in India stands at about 107.4 million (10.74 crore) in 2011 as per the official data.
Candidates can also check SECC Family Member Details to get Socio Economic Caste Census (SECC) family member details.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is going to conduct a survey to prepare a database for homeless people in Delhi. In case the people does not have their own house, then people can make online application to get new house under PM Awas Yojana. All the homeless people will now get their new own houses under PMAY housing scheme.
DDA will collect information through a survekshan under PMAY to count the number of homeless people in Delhi. This survey report would be prepared through online mode at the official website at dda.org.in. All the people who are not in possession of shelter of their own can apply online at this DDA website. 
There would be no offline application forms acceptable and people have to only apply through online mode.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Survey to Prepare Database of Homeless People in Delhi
All the people who does not have their own home are going to be a part of the DDA Survey which will be conducted to prepare database of homeless people in Delhi. All the people who wants to be a part of the survey and wants to get their name included in the DDA homeless people list can apply online at dda.org.in
Online applications can be done at the self level or through Nagrik Sewa Kendra (Citizen Service Centers) organized by DDA. Any offline applications for DDA survey made at any office would not be acceptable. This portal will remain open from 1 August 2019 to 30 September 2019. In these 2 months, all the applications received in this survey would be considered for name inclusion in DDA database. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

People living in JJ clusters are not eligible to make applications to get their name included in DDA database for homeless people. This DDA survey for homeless people is just for record but in future if any scheme is prepared to provide houses to poor, then people whose name is present in this list would be considered.
As per the reports, DDA is going to conduct this survey on the orders of Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs. This survey would not only help in identifying homeless persons but will also reduce fraud cases occuring in house disbursal in PMAY housing scheme. The central govt. may provide new houses to these people under PM Awas Yojana Urban. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.jagran.com/delhi/new-delhi-city-ncr-dda-will-prepare-data-base-for-homeless-people-19440930.html
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government has announced Mukhyamantri Muft Sewer Connection Yojana on 18 November 2019. Under this scheme, govt. will provide free sewer connections to households in 787 colonies where sewer lines have been laid. All the residents who makes registration to apply for Delhi CM Free Sewer Connection Yojna before 31 March 2020 can avail free sewer connection.
This scheme is necessary as high cost involved in getting sewer connection discouraged over 2.3 lakh people mostly in unauthorized colonies from taking connection. 
Delhi Mukhyamantri Muft Sewer Connection Yojana will help an average household save Rs. 15,000.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi CM Free Sewer Connection Yojana 2019
The state govt. of Delhi has invested in thousands of crores of rupees and laid thousands of kilometers of sewer lines across Delhi for 1st time. But despite laying of sewer lines, lakhs of families in city have not installed sewer connections as it includes high installation and development charges. The sewage from such houses are directly released to drains which end up polluting the Yamuna. So, CM Arvind Kejriwal has announced the Muft Sewer Connection Yojana.
This scheme will help citizens in getting free sewer connections and will also clean Yamuna river. Delhi govt. has reduced development charges for sewer connections to Rs. 100 per sq.mt from Rs. 500 per sq.mt. But still the individual charges to install a sewer connection costs higher to a common person. Accordingly to provide relief to citizens who are not still connected with sewer lines, govt. has announced Delhi Free Sewer Connection Yojana.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under free sewer connection scheme, all consumers who apply for new sewer connections before 31 March 2020 can avail various benefits. This includes waiver from any development charges, connection charges and also road cutting charges. Delhi govt. will bear all cost of infrastructure, installation and development charges of household sewer connections. 
According to official data of Delhi Jal Board, around 2.34 lakh families does not have sewer connections in areas where sewer lines are present. Delhi Muft Sewer Connection Yojana will ensure sanitation in city and will prevent waste and garbage from being dumped into water drains and Yamuna. Budget of Free Sewer Connection Yojana 2019 will depend on the number of applicants that register themselves for installation of new sewer connections.
CM Arvind Kejriwal will personally write to all households which does not have sewer connections to apply for Free Sewer Connection Yojana. Mass awareness programme will be started in order to publicize this scheme. Muft Sewer Connection Yojana would result in savings for families. Houses with 25 sq.mt area can save upto Rs. 2500 while houses with 250 sq.mt area can save upto Rs. 20,000.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/kejriwal-govt-unveils-free-sewer-connection-scheme-in-delhi/articleshow/72111644.cms
SAVE AS PDF


Central government is going to implement PM UDAY Scheme to legalize illegal colonies in Delhi. PM UDAY signifies Unauthorized Colonies in Delhi Awas Adhikar Yojna. Lt Governor Anil Baijal has directed Delhi govt. officers to firm up processes and mobilize adequate resources in a time-bound manner. This scheme aims to provide ownership rights to residents of unauthorised colonies in the National Capital of Delhi.
The state govt. will carry out a digital survey of unauthorized colonies. Moreover, the boundaries of these illegal colonies would be delineated to ensure smooth implementation of the PM-UDAY scheme in mission mode. Delhi govt’s chief secretary and other officers met to confer ownership, transfer, mortgage rights to the residents of unauthorised colonies.
Lt governor has also laid emphasis on providing access to social infrastructure and basic civic amenities for the residents of these colonies.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM UDAY Scheme to Legalize Illegal Colonies in Delhi
Delhi Lt. governor organized a meeting with CS, DDA officers, divisional commissioner & DMCs to implement PM-UDAY Scheme. In this PM Unauthorized Colonies in Delhi Awas Adhikar Yojna, govt. will legalize all the unauthorized colonies with definite boundaries. People living in these colonies would be conferred / recognised with ownership / transfer / mortgage rights. The central govt. will work in mission mode for successful implementation of PM-UDAY. Lt. Governor Anil Baijal has asked officers to take action for the following things:-

To declare concerned villages as urbanized
Preparation of development control norms to incentivize planned redevelopment
Identification of vacant land
Take measures for protection of land

Last month, Union Cabinet has approved a proposal to grant ownership rights to people living in 1,797 unauthorised colonies in Delhi. This PM UDAY Scheme to legalize illegal colonies is expected to benefit an estimated number of over 40 lakh residents of unauthorized colonies in Delhi. PM Modi said that Parliament will soon enact a law to grant ownership rights to residents of unauthorized colonies. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Unauthorized Colonies in Delhi Awas Adhikar Yojna Details
The 3 municipal corporations will have to approve urbanization of 81 villages for which corporations will soon start the process. The detailed procedure requires DDA to delineate the boundaries or clusters of unauthorized colonies. Then a local area plan is to be prepared and development of control norms for all illegal colonies. Afterwards, DDA has to make necessary amendments in Delhi Master Plan and urban building eye laws for Delhi.
As per official sources, maps of around 300 unauthorized would be put online. From 15 November 2019, DDA will invite suggestions and objections and by the end of Dec, DDA will accept applications from residents for these colonies.
DDA will create a web portal and empanel agencies to fix geo-coordination of plots for purpose of notification. Field visits would be organized in order to physically verify the property. For this purpose, applicant has to book a time and date slot on web portal.
Applicants will have to make registration on designated DDA portal to confer ownership rights. This would be done by providing basic information and authentication of e-mail and mobile through OTP. DDA portal is going to display all information & documents needed to file an application.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/real-estate/implement-pms-scheme-for-unauthorised-colonies-in-mission-mode-says-delhi-lg-anil-baijal-4628961.html, https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/lg-work-in-mission-mode-to-legalise-illegal-colonies/articleshow/72014361.cms
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 Apply Online Form for SC StudentsDelhi Financial Assistance Scheme for SC Students 2020Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme for SC Students 2020 – Fields of StudyList of Documents for Scholarship Scheme to Study Master’s / Ph.D AbroadMinimum Qualification for Scholarship Scheme for SC StudentsEligibility CriteriaReferences
Delhi government is inviting online applications for Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 for scheduled caste (SC) students at scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in. Students can apply online by filling registration form for “Financial Assistance To SC Students For Pursuing Higher Studies Abroad” Scheme. Before making online application, check the eligibility criteria, schedule, minimum educational qualification, documents required and field of study. 
Now the SC Students in Delhi can realize their dream of pursuing Masters / Ph.D. and other higher education courses from foreign country. For this purpose, the state govt. has started Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 apply online process at official website of SC ST Welfare department.
It is imperative to note that online application form for Financial Assistance To SC Students For Pursuing Higher Studies Abroad Scheme in Delhi are available b/w 1 January 2020 (start date) and 31 January 2020 (last date).



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 Apply Online Form for SC Students
Here is the complete procedure of how to apply for Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme for SC Students:-

Firstly visit the official website of SC ST Welfare Department in Delhi at scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Financial Assistance to SC students for pursuing Higher Studies abroad. Opening date 01/01/2020 and closing date 31/01/2020. for Guidelines and Applicaiton form Click here” link (at 14 number) or directly click this link
In the PDF file opened, Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme Application Form 2020 is available at the 5th page. The Financial Assistance To SC Students To Pursue Higher Studies in Abroad Apply Online Form will appear as shown below:-
Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme SC Students Abroad Apply Online Form
Candidates can fill all the necessary details like personal details, place of birth, religion, caste, address, aadhaar number, income details of family, bank details of applicants, educational qualifications, passage grant.

The completely filled in application form along with the undertaking must be submitted as hardcopy to the concerned department. The address of dept. is Department SC, ST OBC Development, Third Floor, Vikas Bhawan, I.P. Estate, New Delhi-02. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Financial Assistance Scheme for SC Students 2020
Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 aims to provide financial assistance to 100 selected candidates to pursue higher studies through accredited universities at Masters / Ph.D level. 
Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme for SC Students 2020 – Fields of Study
Candidates can apply online for Financial Assistance To SC Students For Pursuing Higher Studies Abroad in the following specified fields of study:-

Engineering & Management
Pure Sciences & Applied Sciences
Agricultures Sciences & Medicine
International Commerce, Accounting & Finance
Humanities & Social Science

List of Documents for Scholarship Scheme to Study Master’s / Ph.D Abroad
Here is the complete list of documents whose self attested photo copies are needed to be accompanied with application forms:-
— Matriculation or other certificate as proof for date of birth.
— All Degree / Diploma / Certificates with mark sheets or All semester DMCs.
— Income certificate in the prescribed format duly issued by competent authority of Delhi.
— Student should be a bonafide resident of Delhi and should have valid caste certificate issued by competent authority.
— Offer letter of university / institution of foreign country in which candidate seeks admission.
— Admission letters or documents giving details of the university, expenditure during the stay etc. needs to be furnished.
— An undertaking / self declaration as in Annexure-I
— Aadhar card of SC student is mandatory to avail the financial assistance for Master / Ph.D courses abroad.
Minimum Qualification for Scholarship Scheme for SC Students
This section includes the minimum educational qualification, age and income limit to apply for SC Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 in Delhi.

Minimum Educational Qualification –

For Ph.D – 55% marks or equivalent grade in relevant Master Degree.
For Master’s Degree – 55% marks or equivalent grade in relevant Bachelors Degree.


Age Limit – Below 30 (Thirty) years as on cut-off date of respective year.
Income Ceiling – Total family income from all sources should not exceed Rs. 8,00,000 (Rs. Eight lakh per annum)

Eligibility Criteria
All the candidates must fulfill the given eligibility criteria to become eligible for Delhi Financial Assistance To SC Students For Pursuing Higher Studies Abroad Scheme:-
— The candidate should be citizen of India.
— He / She must have domicile of Delhi and must be a bonafide resident of Delhi for at-least last 5 years (documentary proof is needed).
— Only one child for the same parents / guardians would be eligible. For this purpose, self certification is required from candidates.
— Candidates who are employed must forward their applications through their employer, along-with a “No Objection Certificate” (NOC) issued by the employer.
— A candidate will not be eligible for scholarship / financial assistance under Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme 2020 for SC Students to pursue the same Level (Masters/PhD) course for which he/she has already acquired the qualification from any university either in India or abroad.
Delhi Financial Assistance SC Students Study Abroad
The start date to apply online for Delhi Overseas Scholarship Scheme is 1 January 2020 while last date is 31 January 2020.
References
— Check Delhi SC Overseas Scholarship Scheme Official Notification
— For more details, visit the official website at scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: scstwelfare.delhigovt.nic.in
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Mukhyamantri Kisan Mitra Yojana 2019Delhi CM Kisan Mitra Scheme Eligibility CriteriaDelhi CM Kisan Mitra Yojna List of Documents Required
Delhi government is going to launch a new Mukhyamantri Kisan Mitra Yojana for farmers. Under this CM Kisan Mitra Scheme, the state govt. will provide 50% more amount than the specified MSP of crops to farmers. Chief Minister Kisan Mitra Yojna is the next major announcement by CM Kejriwal after free metro / bus rides, free electricity schemes. 
For upcoming Assembly elections, govt. has announced this Delhi CM Kisan Mitra Scheme for farmers. The MSP of crops like wheat, rice would be revised as per recommendations of Swaminathan Aayog. The cabinet note for Mukhyamantri Kisan Mitra Yojna is being prepared & will be sent to the govt. for approval.
The new CM Kisan Mitra Yojana in Delhi would add an additional burden of Rs. 100 crore on the state exchequer.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Mukhyamantri Kisan Mitra Yojana 2019
The state govt. of Delhi is planning to provide 50% more money for crops to farmers by CM Kisan Mitra Scheme 2019. The main objective is to ensure 1.5 times MSP as promised to improve livelihood conditions of farmers. Now the prices of wheat (Gehu) can go upto Rs. 2616 per quintal while that of paddy (dhaan) can go upto Rs. 2667 per quintal. 
Delhi CM Kisan Mitra Scheme Eligibility Criteria
To avail the CM kisan mitra scheme benefits, candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


He / She must be a permanent resident of Delhi.
Only those farmers who have land in their own names can take benefits.
Each farmer must be a regular farmer who performs farming on their land can avail benefits.
Farmer must have bank account.
The name of farmer must be included in the Khasra Khatauni of farming land

The margin amount would be transferred directly into the bank accounts of farmers through Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) mode. Implementation of Swaminathan Committee report is a major demand of farmers across the country which promises 150% returns to farmers. Around 20,000 families of farmers residing in Delhi will get benefits of this Chief Minister Kisan Mitra Yojna.
Delhi Mukhyamantri Kisan Mitra Yojna 2019
But the recommendations of this report are still not implemented. The state govt. of Delhi wants to ensure that farmers get appropriate prices of their crops. AAP govt. led by CM Kejriwal is planning to implement this CM Kisan Mitra Scheme till October 2019.
Delhi CM Kisan Mitra Yojna List of Documents Required
The complete list of documents required to avail benefits of CM Kisan Mitra Yojna is given below:-

Aadhaar Card
Land Records Details (Khasra Khatauni)
Residential Certificate
Voter ID Card
Copy of Bank Passbook

This amount under CM Kisan Mitra Scheme Delhi is Rs. 776 per quintal more for wheat crop while Rs. 897 per quintal more for paddy crop as provided by central govt. in form of MSP. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://hindi.news18.com/news/delhi/delhi-government-will-implement-chief-minister-kisan-mitra-yojana-nodark-2436541.html
SAVE AS PDF


https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/energy/power/delhi-govt-announces-0-bill-for-power-consumption-up-to-200-units/articleshow/70478200.cmsDelhi government has decided to provide free electricity for those people consuming power upto 200 units per month. All those people who consumes between 200 to 400 units per month would be given 50% subsidy on electricity bills. This is to be done under Delhi Free Lifeline Electricity Scheme by providing additional funds to power sector.
CM Arvind Kejriwal announced that the state govt. will spend Rs. 1800 to 2200 crore per annum for the subsidy on electricity. In Delhi, there are around 4.9 million domestic power consumers and most of these people would be benefited. In this Electricity Bill Waiver Scheme, there would be zero power bills on consumption upto 200 units.
This move of providing free electricity to Delhiites will cover at-least 33% consumers whose usage is less than 200 units in summer.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Lifeline Electricity Scheme
The state govt. of Delhi will provide free electricity to all those people whose per month consumption is less than 200 units. Till date, Delhi has the cheapest electricity in the country and this Free Lifeline Electricity Scheme will provide additional relief to Aam Aadmi in the city. Previously in 2012, CM Kejriwal had launched Bijli Satyagraha as an activist over the inflated bills received by a labourer.
Delhi govt. has taken this decision to provide free electricity one day after the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) also reduced the burden on consumers. DERC has reduced fixed charges for most domestic connections by up to 84%.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DERC has kept the energy charges same for all categories, except for those who consume more than 1,200 units per month. Any family in Delhi which consumes more than 1200 units electricity in a month will now have to pay 25 paise extra per unit and will be charged Rs. 8 per unit. As per the statement “Those in Delhi who consume up to 200 units of electricity do not need to pay their electricity bills. They will get a zero electricity bill.” 
Earlier, people used to pay Rs. 622 for 200 units electricity which is now free. For 250 units power per month, people used to pay Rs. 800 which will now get reduced to Rs. 252. For 300 units, people used to pay Rs 971 but now they will pay only Rs. 526. For 400 units, they used to pay Rs 1320, now they’ll pay Rs 1075.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Delhi has launched a web portal for the loan guarantee scheme and scholarship for the meritorious students of Delhi. The student who is undergoing any undergraduate courses in state university colleges of Delhi would be eligible to apply the scheme. The interested candidate can make their registration by going to studentloan.delhi.gov.in
However, Delhi govt. has launched Merit cum Means scholarship scheme earlier in the state with an aim of providing the scholarship to the students from poor families. This is a fee waiver scheme that provides a scholarship for the students who are interested in pursuing higher studies. 
Under the scheme, a student will get financial help to the poor students and help them achieve their life goals. The student can apply for the Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme for the academic year 2017 – 18 till 18-12-2017.Below given the registration process for the scheme at studentloan.delhi.gov.in



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Loan Guarantee Scheme and Scholarship Online Registration
 Below given the steps to make their registration for the scholarship scheme:-

The interested student has to visit at studentloan.delhi.gov.in
On the homepage, student has to click the “Apply for Student Loan under Higher Education in Delhi” or directly click this link
Next page will open, here click the “Service” tab in the column.
After clicking, various scheme forms will get displayed on the screen at e-District Delhi
Here go to Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme for making registration or directly click this link
Below given the snapshot that would help to identify the scheme.
Merit Cum Means Income Linked
Now click the “Merit-cum-Means Income Linked Financial Assistance Scheme of Delhi Higher Education Aid Trust” and “Modified Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme” to make the registration
If the candidate is an existing user, make login using “User Id” and “Password” to apply for the scheme. However, fresh candidates can now make registration by entering their details including Aadhar card number or Voter id card number. 

Moreover, Delhi govt. has earlier launched Education Loan Guarantee Scheme to Delhi Students for the students who are interested to study outside the state in any part of the country. Under this scheme, students are encouraged to enroll in any colleges and universities outside the Delhi.
Loan Guarantee Scheme Scholarship


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Government has extended its higher education loan scheme to students who wish to study outside the capital city. The Delhi government’s “Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme” provides education loan through banking system to students to pursue higher education. Till now the students who wanted to pursue higher education within Delhi were eligible for the scheme.
The announcement of the extension of the scheme came during an event at Talkatora Stadium where 372 students from Delhi Govt. schools who have cleared IIT-JEE (Mains) were present. The Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme is for those who have completed their 10th and 12th from Delhi and wish to pursue diploma or degree level courses or specified skill development courses.
The main objective of the scheme is to provide financial support to meritorious students who wish to pursue higher education. following are the courses covered under the education loan scheme of Delhi Government.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Approved courses leading to graduate/ post graduate degree and PG diplomas conducted by recognized colleges/ universities recognized by UGC/Government/ AICTE/ AIBMS/ ICMR etc.
Courses like ICWA, CA, CFA etc
Courses conducted by IIT, NIFT, NLU, IIFT etc
Regular Degree/Diploma courses like aeronautical, pilot training, shipping, including those run by Polytechnics etc., degree/diploma in nursing, physiotherapy or any other discipline approved by Director General of Civil Aviation/Shipping/Indian Nursing Council or any other regulatory body as the case may be.
Skill Development Courses as may be specified by Govt. of NCT of Delhi.

The loan provided under the Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme would cover expenses like fee payable to college and hostel, examination fee, library & laboratory fee, caution or refundable deposit made to the institution, purchase of books, study equipment or computer at reasonable cost and any other expenses related to the study.
Apply Online for Education Loan Scheme in Delhi
Interested eligible students who wish to take admission for higher studies and require financial support can apply for the Delhi Government’s Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee scheme online at official website of Delhi Govt. at studentloan.delhi.gov.in.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

For more details about the scheme, please visit this link http://it.delhigovt.nic.in/writereaddata/Sch20155721.pdf





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

edudel.nic.in – Apply Online for Nursery AdmissionsHow to Register / Apply OnlineList of Sarvodaya Schools in Delhi
Delhi Government is inviting online registrations/application for the admission in Nursery / KG / Class 1 in Sarvodaya Schools through its portal edudel.nic.in. The registrations are open between 4th March till 18th March 2017. Interested candidates can register themselves for online applications for  Nursery / KG / Class 1 for 2017-18 academic year.
Latest Update – Delhi Nursery School Admission 2019-20 Online Application Form
Apply Online for Admission in 6th and 9th Standard



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

edudel.nic.in – Apply Online for Nursery Admissions
The interested applicants can register themselves for the online applications at the official website of Directorate of Education at edudel.nic.in. Below is the step by step procedure to apply online for nursery admission in Delhi government schools.
How to Register / Apply Online
STEP 1: Visit the official website at edudel.nic.in.
STEP 2: Click on the “Govt. School Admission” link as given in the below image.
Online Admission Link
STEP 3: On the next page, click on “Online Registration form to Apply” or click the below link to directly visit the application form page
Online application / registration form link: http://edustud.nic.in/mis/student/RTREGISTRATIONFNONPLANADMISSION.aspx.
STEP 4: Fill all the mandatory details in online application / registration form as given below.
Online Registration Application Form at http://edustud.nic.in
STEP 5: Fill the school choices and preview the form and then submit and take a printout.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The applicants can also re-print or delete the registration form using the below links
Re-Print link | Deletion link
The detailed guidelines and list of documents required for the admission is given in the document which can be downloaded from the below link
Application form Guidelines
List of Sarvodaya Schools in Delhi


School ID
School Name
Nur
KG
Class-1


1925040
Tuglakabad Village-SKV
0
40
40


1925056
Tughlakabad Extn.-SBV
0
40
0


1925059
Lajpat Nagar, Ring Road-SBV (Shaheed Hemu Kalani)
0
40
0


1925060
Chitranjan Park-SKV (Shyama Prasad Mukherjee)
0
80
0


1925061
Tughlakabad Extn., No.1-SKV (Aruna Asif Ali)
0
80
0


1925062
Madanpur Khadar- SKV
0
40
40


1925246
Masjid Moth- Sarvodaya(Co-ed) Vidyalaya
0
40
0


1925333
Shahpur Jat-S(Co-Ed)V
40
40
0


1925402
Molar Band, No.2- SBV
0
40
0


1925418
Sarai Kale Khan,Vidyut Vihar- Govt. SV
0
40
0


2026001
President Estate-SV (Dr.Rajinder Prasad)
40
40
0


2026002
Kitchner Road-SV
40
40
0


2026004
Pandara Road-SKV
40
40
0


2026005
Jor Bagh-SV
0
40
40


2127001
Rouse Avenue-SBV
40
40
40


2127002
Jama Masjid, No.1(Urdu Medium)-SBV
0
40
0


2127003
Darya Ganj, Pataudi House-SBV
0
80
0


2127014
Kamla Market, Zeenat Mahal-SKV No.1
0
40
40


2127015
Mata Sundri Road-SKV
0
80
0


2127016
Dayanand Road-SKV
0
40
40


2127017
Jama Masjid, No.2-SKV
0
40
40


2127021
Bulbuli Khana-SKV
0
40
40


2127022
Haweli Azam Khan-SKV
0
40
0


2127024
Jama Masjid, No.1(Hindi Medium)-SKV
0
40
40


2127179
Lal Kuan, Zeenat Mahal, No.2-SKV
0
40
40


2128001
Paharganj-SBV 
40
40
0


2128002
Jhandewalan, Plot 6-SBV (Asharfi Devi)
40
0
40


2128008
Rani Jhansi Road-SBV
40
40
0


2128018
Aram Bagh Lane-SKV
0
40
0


2128019
Old Rajinder Nagar-SKV (Swami Daya Nand)
40
40
0


2128020
Prasad Nagar-SKV (Baba Ramdev)
40
40
0


2128032
New Rajinder Nagar-SV (Rana Pratap)
0
40
0


1821279
SV Co-ed Dwarka Sec 17
40
0
0


1822247
SBV Deendarpur
0
40
0


1925431
Sarvodaya Vidyalaya Phase -III Madanpur Khadar
40
0
0


1413336
Sarvodaya Co-Ed Vidyalaya Sector-4 Rohini
40
0
0


1412289
Sarvodaya Co-Ed Vidyalaya Sector-21 Rohini
40
0
0


1412290
Sarvodaya Co-Ed Vidyalaya Sector-22 Rohini
40
0
0


The detailed list of Sarvodya Schools for Nursery admissions in Delhi can be accessed using at the below link
List of schools.
The application forms of only those children will be considered for admission who have completed 3-years of age 3S on 31-03-2017 for Nursery Class (child must be born between 01-04-2013 to 31-03-2014) & who have completed 4-years of age as on 31-03-2017 for class KG (child must be born between 01-04-2012 to 31-03-2013) and who have attained the age of 5-years as on 31-03-2017 for Class-I (child must be born between 01-04-~01l to 31-03-2012).
The draw of lots will be held online on 22-03-2017 (Wednesday). The Head of concerned Sarvodaya Vidyalaya will display the list of children selected through draw of lots on school Notice Board on the same day before 03:00 PM





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Smartphone Distribution Scheme for Anganwadi WorkersEarly Childhood Care Curriculum for Nurturing ChildhoodsAWW / Lady Supervisor Mobile App for Anganwadi Workers
Delhi govt. has launched Early Childhood Care Curriculum for children and distribution of 10,000 smartphones to Anganwadi workers and supervisors. In Delhi, every child deserves early childhood care and nutritious food and for this govt. has started this initiative. The management of anganwadi centers will get a digital push with decision to distribute smartphones and will help in real time monitoring.
At present, anganwadi workers have to maintain 18 different types of records manually. However, with the launch of Smartphone Distribution Scheme for Anganwadi Workers in Delhi, digital entry of records would be done. This would enable anganwadi workers to devote more time to welfare of beneficiaries.
The smartphones are going to be distributed by CM Arvind Kejriwal in an event at IGI Stadium on 7 August 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Smartphone Distribution Scheme for Anganwadi Workers
The state govt. of Delhi has started Smartphone Distribution Scheme for Anganwadi workers and would also launch early childhood curriculum for children of anganwadi workers b/w 3 to 6 years of age. Using smartphones, all the anganwadi workers and supervisors would be able to monitor real time. The main benefits of this scheme are given below:-

Real Time Monitoring of nutrition and health of beneficiaries.
Effective and timely delivery of services.
Enable anganwadi workers to send daily photographs of children receiving supplementary nutrition at anganwadis.

At present, around 10,752 anganwadi workers are functioning in different parts of city under Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS). This primary social scheme would be used by Delhi govt. to address malnutrition and health problems in children below 6 years of age and pregnant and nursing mothers.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Early Childhood Care Curriculum for Nurturing Childhoods
This scheme will have the following benefits:-

Social and Emotional Development
Physical Development and Wellness
Cognitive Development
Creativity Development

Delhi Smartphone Distribution Scheme Anganwadi Workers
The anganwadi centers satisfies the needs of 1.13 lakh children b/w 7 months and 6 years along with 4.37 pregnant and lactating women. The records which are maintained includes opening of anganwadi centers, information of service delivery and children receiving nutrition supplements.
AWW / Lady Supervisor Mobile App for Anganwadi Workers
The state govt. of Delhi has also launched 2 mobile apps for anganwadi workers namely AWW App and Lady Supervisor App. 
AWW Mobile App to Ease Burden of Anganwadi Workers
The AWW app is designed to allow users to record daily opening of anganwadi workers and carry out household wise, name based, UID linked registration of members. This app would facilitate anganwadi workers to capture real time information on service delivery facilitating monitoring and services due. Moreover, anganwadi centers would be able to send through the app photographs of children receiving supplementary nutrition daily.
Lady Supervisor App
The Lady Supervisor mobile app will assist supervisors in real time monitoring of children development services to beneficiaries enrolled at centers. The supervisors would also be able to give priority to centers which are not performing as per the expectations.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/delhi-10000-smartphones-to-power-anganwadis-big-digital-leap/articleshow/70562035.cms
SAVE AS PDF


दिल्ली वोटर लिस्ट 2019-20 (PDF) अब सीईओ की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट ceodelhi.gov.in पर उपलब्ध है, नयी मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम अपनी जानकारी या EPIC नंबर के आधार पर खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करें, मतदान 8 February 2020 को होना है

Table of Contents

Delhi Final Voter List with Photo (PDF Electoral Roll) DownloadCheck Your Name in CEO Delhi Voters List using Voter Name & DetailsFind Name in Delhi Final Voter List using EPIC NumberDelhi Voter ID Card Download – Check Status
Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced voting dates for General Elections to the Legislative Assembly of NCT of Delhi 2020. In the Delhi state, voting on 70 Vidhan Sabha seats would be held on 8 February 2020. Chief Electoral Officer has published NCT Delhi CEO Voter List 2019-2020 where people can perform name search in the Final PDF Electoral Roll. People can download Voter ID Card / check ID card status and find name online at ceodelhi.gov.in
All the citizens can check their name in the district wise CEO Delhi Voter List 2019-20 with Photo and can check Voter ID Card status. The updated Delhi Electoral Rolls with Photo are available in the PDF format where people can find their name online in the CEO Delhi Voters List 2019-2020 and download Voter ID Card before casting their vote.
The entire PDF file of the Delhi Electoral Roll (Voter List) 2020 is now available. Here citizens can perform manual searching in the Delhi Voter List 2019-2020. Moreover, people can adopt a hassle free process and check their names online. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Final Voter List with Photo (PDF Electoral Roll) Download
Below is the complete procedure to download Final Voter List 2019-2020 (PDF Electoral Roll) in Delhi:-

Firstly visit the official CEO Delhi website at https://ceodelhi.gov.in/home.aspx
Delhi Electoral Roll PDF Download 2020
At the homepage, click at the “Electoral Roll Published on 06-JAN-2020” link under ‘Special Summary Revision-2020‘ section or directly click this link
Delhi Election Voter List 2019 2020 PDF
Then click at the ‘English’ link to open the Assembly Constituency wise Delhi Voter List PDF page” or directly click at http://ceodelhidr.nic.in/RollTypeEng.aspx
Then click at the either the “Main Roll” or “Modification” link to view assembly constituency wise voter list (Direct Link – http://ceodelhidr.nic.in/AcListEng.aspx) as shown below:-
CEO Delhi AC Wise Voter List 2019-20
Select the name of the Assembly constituency and then page with assembly constituency part wise details will appear as shown below:-
Delhi New Voters List AC Part Wise
Then click at the “Part number” and enter the captcha to download CEO Delhi Voter List with photo as shown below:-
Delhi Voter List 2019-2020 with Photo PDF Download

All the candidates can find their name manually in the downloaded Delhi CEO Voters List with Photo 2019-2020 and must note down their serial number before casting their vote.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The official schedule for Delhi assembly elections has been released in the notification which can be checked using the link below:-
http://164.100.117.97/WriteReadData/userfiles/Press%20Note%20NCT%20of%20Delhi%20Elec.%20Fin.pdf. 
Check Your Name in CEO Delhi Voters List using Voter Name & Details
Now you can Check Your Name in Voters List Delhi using Voter Name & details through the link given below:-
https://electoralsearch.in/
The (विवरण द्वारा खोज/Search by Details) name find page where people can check their name in CEO Delhi Final Voters List will appear as shown below:-
Check My Name in Delhi Voter List 2019-20
People can enter their name, father name, age, date of birth, gender, state, district and assembly constituency name to get detailed information of their Voter ID card number.
Find Name in Delhi Final Voter List using EPIC Number
All the candidates can even check their name in the Delhi Final Voter List using Voter’s Photo Identity Card (EPIC) Number through the same https://electoralsearch.in/ link. In the opened page, click at the “पहचान-पत्र क्र. द्वारा खोज/Search by EPIC No.” link to open the page as shown below:-
Delhi Voter List 2020 EPIC Number
Here candidates can enter EPIC number, state and code and click at the “खोजें/Search” button to check their name in the Final CEO Voters list of Delhi.
Delhi Voter ID Card Download – Check Status
Now all the Delhi citizens can download Voter ID Card and check status online through the link below:-
https://www.nvsp.in/Account/Login
Delhi Voter ID Card Status
Here candidates can check their name in Voter List by Voter’s Name by tracking application status. People can even check their name in Voter List by Voter ID No. For more details, visit the official website at https://ceodelhi.gov.in/home.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: ceodelhi.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government has started implementing Mukhyamantri Street Light Yojana in the national capital from 30 December 2019. In this CM Street Light Scheme, the state govt. will install around 2.1 lakh street lights to light up dark spots. This scheme is a major step towards strengthening of women safety. The 3 DISCOMS will have the responsibility of installing these street lights and each Discom will install 70,000 street lights.
Just like installation of CCTV cameras in Delhi, the state govt. will follow the same process to install street lights. The street lights will even be put outside people houses under Mukhyamantri Street Light Yojana 2019 in Delhi.
The new scheme of installation of street lights by Delhi government will bypasses the role of the MCD. CM Street Light Scheme will provide solution to problems which people faces in dark stretches in the city.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi CM Street Light Scheme 2019
The three Discoms of Delhi will have the responsibility for installation and maintenance of street lights. Under Delhi Mukhyamantri Street Light Yojana, the installation would be of 20 to 40 Watt LED lights. The tender process for Delhi CM Street Light Scheme 2019 will also include a warranty clause of 3 to 5 years. CM Street Light Yojana will have an investment of Rs. 100 crore for installation of street lights and Rs. 10 crore per annum subsequently.
The state govt. of Delhi is committed to ensure that not even a single dark spot is left in the state. All the lights installed under CM Street Light Scheme will be automatic and will even contain sensors. People would be able to submit their requests for street lights to their local MLAs. After placing requests, the permission of building owners will be taken. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Upon receiving permission, the street lights will get installed after the location of survey is passed by the power company. It is expected that the selection process for location of street lights will be completed before November 2019. The building owner’s household connection will power the street lights. 
The state govt. of Delhi will decide how much electricity is needed to run 1 light. The same electricity cost will be deducted from electricity bills of people as it is an automatic arrangement. Delhi CM Street Light Scheme will ensure that the entire state is covered with street lights. In unauthorized colonies and slum areas, there was lack of space and MCDs were refusing to give NOCs to setup street lights. To tackle this issue, the state govt. has launched Delhi Mukhyamantri Street Light Yojana.
Now with the launch of this CM Street Light Scheme, only the permission of MLA and building owner would be required. People can now get these lights installed outside their house, shop and street. Till date, there are around 7 lakh street lights in Delhi and now 2 lakh more street lights will be installed. Delhi Mukhyamantri Street Light Yojana is the first plan in the world in which tender of 30% of current street light capacity is being launched.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/over-2-lakh-street-lights-will-be-installed-across-delhi-to-light-up-dark-spots-kejriwal-119092301386_1.html
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority is going to invite DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats online application form at dda.org.in. Now people from economically weaker sections will get flats at about 10% to 40% lower prices. The DDA EWS Flats Housing Scheme Narela apply online form will remain available from 30 August 2019. 
To apply for these discounted price flats for EWS category, the registration will begin at the official DDA website. All the flats will remain available for various locations in Narela region. For 1A, 1B, 1C Pocket, there is a discount of 40% on flat rates while for G7 / G8 pocket & Sector V, there is a discount of 10% on flats.
The complete description of flats and other house related details are been specified in the post below.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats Narela Online Application Form
The complete details of the DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats Narela location are as follows:-


EWS Flats Location
Number of Flats
Discount on Price
New Cost of Flats (Approx.)
Plinth Area (sq.m)


Pocket 1A, 1B, 1C, Narela
6536 Flats
40%
10.89 to 12.29 Lakh
35.40 to 37.31


Pocket G7 / G8 & Sector V, Narela
960 Flats
10%
9.55 Lakh
29.77


All the interested people will have to fill online application form at the official DDA website. Here is how to fill the DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats apply online form. These prices are also applicable for allotees of 2019 online housing scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

How To Apply Online for DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats Narela
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats:-

Firstly visit the official website at dda.org.in
At the homepage, click at the relevant link under “Online Public Service” section to apply online for this housing scheme.
The online application process will start from 30 August 2019.
DDA Housing Scheme EWS Flats Narela Application

DDA will also release the list of banks to assist people in filling of their online application forms for DDA Housing Scheme 2019 EWS Flats Narela location.
For more details, visit official website https://dda.org.in/ddaweb/index.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com/business/property/property-news/dda-ews-flats-application-starts-from-30-august/articleshow/70695767.cms
SAVE AS PDF


After providing huge relief to Delhi citizens in electricity bills & water bills, CM Arvind Kejriwal has announced a new Power Subsidy Scheme for Tenants. Delhi government has announced Mukhyamantri Kirayedaar Bijli Meter Yojana. This scheme will benefit a large number of people who are residing in flats on rental basis or in houses in colonies on rent.
Under Delhi CM Kirayedaar Bijli Meter Yojana, govt. will install prepaid meters for tenants. These new meters would be setup only for domestic use at the rented accommodations. To avail the benefits of CM Power Subsidy Scheme for tenants, people will have to deposit Rs. 3,000 as security amount and Rs. 3,000 for line drawing.
These prepaid electricity meters will reduce the power bills of tenants as they have to pay more amount to the house owners.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Mukhyamantri Kirayedaar Bijli Meter Yojana
In Delhi, tenants were unable to get benefits of power subsidy as landlords used to ask more money from persons living on rent. Now the state govt. has started CM Kirayedaar Bijli Meter Yojana to provide benefits of power subsidy to tenants. Delhi govt. will install prepaid meters to enable people on rented accommodations to keep a check on their electricity bills.
Delhi people are getting 24*7 supply of electricity at lowest prices in the country. Previously, tenants had to take permission from house owners to install meters. Now people can install prepaid meters for themselves without any requirement for No Objection Certificate (NOC). To avail prepaid meters from companies, people can call on the following numbers – 19122 (BSES Yamuna), 19123 (BSES Rajdhani), 19124 (Tata).


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Just like there is recharge for Dish TV, fees for prepaid meters will be required to be paid in advance. In case the total energy consumption is less than 200 units, then it is free i.e no amount would be charged from tenants. For electricity consumption b/w 200 to 400 units, the electricity bills would be reduced to half.

Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal: Government has come up with a scheme for tenants 'Mukhyamantri Kirayedaar Bijli Meter Yojna' under which prepaid meters will be installed at rented accommodations, this is applicable for domestic use only. pic.twitter.com/S5btM0rHtD
— ANI (@ANI) September 25, 2019
 
All the tenants will have to deposit security amount of Rs. 3,000 to install pre-paid meters. For this purpose, rent agreement or any slip of rent needs to be produced. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com/metro/delhi/power-road-and-water-delhi/what-is-mukhyamantri-kirayedaar-bijli-meter-yojna-delhi-by-arvind-kejriwal-explained/articleshow/71292578.cms
SAVE AS PDF


दिल्ली सरकार उच्च शिक्षा और स्किल डेवलपमेंट के लिए छात्रों को 10 लाख रुपये तक का बिना गारंटी के लोन उपलब्ध कराएगी, सभी दिल्ली के निवासी छात्र होंगे उच्च शिक्षा और स्किल डेवलपमेंट गारंटी योजना के लाभार्थी, बैंकों को जारी किये निर्देशCM Arvind Kejriwal said that in the FY 2019-20, Delhi govt. will cover students under Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme. All those students who aspires to enroll in prestigious professional courses and are not able to do so due to financial crisis would be benefited. 
CM Kejriwal as well as deputy CM Manish Sisodia had met a high level delegation of 13 participating banks to review the progress of the scheme. The state govt. of Delhi wants to ensure inclusive and sustainable governance by providing loans for higher education.
All the students who are interested to avail the credit facility for studies would not be denied of it at any cost. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Students Credit Facility (Education Loan) Scheme
Students can now avail a collateral free loan of upto Rs. 10 lakh for higher education. Delhi govt. will act as guarantor to furnish the loan amount in case the applicant defaults. Delhi students who avail the credit facility gets 15 years to pay back the loan. The state govt. has created a corpus of Rs. 30 crore which is known as Higher Education and Skill Development Credit Guarantee Fund to provide appropriate guarantee. In FY 2019-20, govt. aims to cover Delhi students through this first-of-its-kind credit facility for deserving students.
After coming to power, the state govt. believes that education loan scheme for students is a necessity in the national capital. So, the Delhi govt. has started Higher Education and Skill Development Guarantee Scheme. In this scheme, students who wants to get admission in prestigious colleges or universities can take the benefits of credit facility or education loans. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

There were many talented students in Delhi who were unable to pursue higher education courses due to financial crunch. As per a report, around 67% dwellers in Delhi consumes less than 200 units of power per month. So, it is evident that a significant population of Delhi is poor and requires government assistance. Delhi govt. education loan scheme for higher studies is aimed at masses who aspires and qualify to enroll in prestigious professional courses.
Delhi Student Credit Facility Scheme will ensure that eligible candidates get loans from the banks to pursue higher education and skill development programmes. The state govt. has instructed participating banks to cascade the details of the loan scheme to every single branch and employee for enhanced support and disbursal. Moreover, all the prominent displays would be put at each branch premises in Delhi in order to raise awareness about the facility.
More than 4,25,000 students from total 5 lakh students studying in Delhi colleges are residents of the national capital. Banks would provide full coverage to substantial student base to provide them assistance in all forms to pursue higher education.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.dailypioneer.com/2019/state-editions/education-loan-plan--kejriwal--sisodia-meet-banks----representatives.html
SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Delhi will launch a Swarozgar App which would provide loan regarding information upto Rs. 5 lakh under Swarozgar Yojana. This App basically to be launched for the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, other backward classes and Divyangs. This App will be launched on the occasion of the Parivirvana Day of Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar ( 9 December 2017 ). 
On the Swarozgar App, the people belonging to SC / ST, OBC, Minority and disables people can register to take a loan upto Rs. 5 Lakh. However, the person who is interested to work in the various field like the cyber cafe, general store, confectionery shop, barber shop, taxi and auto purchase, tailor shop, photo studio, electric shop, pharmacy, laundry and dry cleaning etc. will also be eligible to get the loan by making the registration on the App. 
Salient Features of Swarozgar App
Below given the complete details, features and the highlights of this application:-



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


The people of SC / ST / OBC will be eligible to take the loan by using the Swarozgar app.
On this app, the person can also upload the document.
Moreover, the applicant can also check the status of their application.
The applicant will get the loan upto Rs. 5 Lakh only through the app.
After filling the application, an officer will visit the houses to verify and complete remaining formalities.

Although, the government has informed that loan up to Rs. 3 lakhs will be available for the composite loan, Whereas loan up to Rs. 5 lakhs will be available for self-employment scheme.
Dilli Swarojgar Yojna
Under the scheme, Delhi government is providing the loan of up to Rs.5 lakh to members of Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, Other Backward Classes or Minorities at a nominal rate of 6 percent per annum. This loan will be used for starting any non-polluting income-generating activity in their residential or commercial or mixed land use area.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Anyone of belonging SC / ST / OBC / Minorities living in Delhi for the past five years and whose annual family income does not exceed Rs. 2 lakh would be able to avail the scheme. This scheme is being implemented by the Delhi SC/ST/OBC/Minorities/ Handicapped Financial and Development Corporation (DSFDC).
To get more details about the scheme candidate can visit the below given the link.
Dilli Swarojgar Yojna





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority is inviting online applications for DDA Demand Survey Registration for beneficiaries under vertical II, III and vertical IV of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban). This DDA survey is being conducted to assess the demand for housing in the national capital Delhi. DDA Demand Survey 2019 will provide realistic idea about the actual demand for housing. DDA survey will collect data for both general and economically weaker section (EWS) categories.
On the basis of this data, DDA can plan their future projects. People can now check the “Housing for All (HFA) guidelines” for eligibility criteria for PMAY housing scheme. Then read the instructions to fill online DDA Demand Survey Registration Form, create user ID & password to register. 
Accordingly, candidates can fill the DDA Demand Survey 2019 online application form. The start date for online application form is 1 August 2019 and last date to apply online is 30 September 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Demand Survey Registration for PMAY Beneficiaries
Below is the complete procedure to fill the online registration form for DDA Demand Survey 2019:- 

Firstly visit the official website at dda.org.in
At the homepage, click the “PMAY Survey & Guidelines” or directly click at http://dda.org.in/pmay/
DDA Demand Survey 2019 Registration PMAY Urban Beneficiaries
Here people can first read the Guidelines for Eligibility of PMAY and Instructions to Fill Online Form
Then click at the Create Userid and Password link to open the page as shown below:-
DDA Demand Survey Registration Form PMAY-U Beneficiaries
Here candidates can enter their name, date of birth, mobile number and e-mail ID and click at “Submit to Register” button. User Id and password would be sent on the registered email.
Afterwards, candidates can fill application form to login into the DDA Demand Survey:-
DDA Demand Survey Application Form PMAY Beneficiaries
After logging in, people can fill their options in the DDA Demand Survey form 2019.

People can also apply for DDA Demand Survey 2019 Registration form through citizen service centres (CSCs).


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

References
— For application form related queries, please call at DDA Toll Free Number 1800110332.
— Departmental Login for DDA Demand Survey 2019.
— For more details, visit the official website at http://dda.org.in/pmay/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: http://dda.org.in/pmay/
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana (SC / ST Free Coaching)Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojna Eligibility CriteriaQuantum of Fees for Delhi SC / ST Free Coaching SchemeDelhi Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojana Online RegistrationList of Empanelled Coaching Institutes in Scheme
After successful implementation of Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana, Delhi government has raised monetary aid from Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 1.5 lakh. Under this scheme, students belonging to scheduled caste (SC) / scheduled tribe (ST) gets free coaching for national level competitive exams. Here we are going to tell you that how you can apply online for Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojna and make registration for free coaching scheme.
The state govt. of Delhi has decided to raise monetary allocation for scheme from Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 1,50,000. Now with this increased assistance, students would be able to get desired coaching for UPSC, NEET, civil services, law, engineering (IIT-JEE, AIEEE), banking and other competitive entrance examinations.
Most of the unprivileged students who got free coaching under AAP party government scheme have cracked JEE Mains and NEET Exam this year.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana (SC / ST Free Coaching)
Under this Free Coaching Scheme for SC / ST students in Delhi, the state govt. has made some changes. The new changes are described as below which will now prevail:-

All the SC / ST / OBC and Physically Handicapped candidates will get scholarship from Delhi govt. to prepare for competitive examinations.
SC / ST students to get free coaching and their entire fees would be borne by the state government.
All the candidates who have made Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana Registration will get Rs. 2500 per month as stipend.
Students will get free coaching classes to prepare for engineering and medical examinations. All the graduate and post graduate students will also get free coaching for civil services, defense exams & other competitive exams.
More than 5,000 students to get free coaching under this Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana.

This SC / ST Free Coaching Scheme was launched in December 2017. In 2018-19, 4,953 students had taken coaching from 8 empanelled institutes under Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana. This includes 945 UPSC aspirants and 3100 SSC aspirant candidates. Moreover, there were 47 students preparing for engineering and 58 students preparing for medical competitive examinations. Out of these, around 13 students qualified for JEE Main and 22 students cleared NEET.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojna Eligibility Criteria
Below is the complete eligibility criteria for Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojna:-

For those students whose family income from all sources is less than Rs. 2 lakh, the state govt. will bear full cost of coaching.
All those students whose parental income is Rs. 2 lakh to Rs. 6 lakh, the Delhi govt. will bear 75% of cost of coaching.
Students will have to clear the selection criteria laid down by the coaching institutes.

Quantum of Fees for Delhi SC / ST Free Coaching Scheme
The admissible coaching fees in respect of various courses would be as under:-
— Civil Service (Preliminary) / State Civil Services (Preliminary) = Rs. 1.5 lakh (Min. 5 Months)
— Civil Service (Mains) / State Civil Services (Main) = Rs. 1.5 lakh (Min. 4 Months)
— Entrance Examination for engineering, medical courses = Rs. 1 lakh (Min. 4 Months)
— Bank PO and related exams = Rs. 50,000 (Min. 4 Months)
— SSC Examinations = Rs. 25,000 (Min 4 months)
Apart from financial assistance towards coaching, beneficiaries are also paid a stipend of Rs 2,500.
Delhi Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojana Online Registration
All the students will have to make registration for the free coaching scheme for SC / ST students at the official website through the link below:-
delhi.gov.in
For this, candidates must have cleared the examination of the respective coaching center. Students will have to make Jai Bhim Mukhyamantri Pratibha Vikas Yojana Registration very carefully. All the students can submit the completed application form through online mode at official website. Moreover, students can even deposit the registration forms at the coaching centers itself.
List of Empanelled Coaching Institutes in Scheme
Here is the complete list of all 8 empanelled coaching institutes under Jai Bhim CM Pratibha Vikas Yojana:-
Delhi Free Coaching Empanelled Institutes
For 2019-20, an allocation of Rs. 40 crore has been made for the scheme. Delhi government is also likely to soon clear a scheme for funding higher education of SC students abroad.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://delhi.gov.in/
SAVE AS PDF


DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017 which was expected to be launched by the end of January 2017, has been delayed once again. The Delhi Development Authority has decided to launch the scheme by the end of February or in March. The delay in launch date has been caused due to lack of basic infrastructure like approach roads, water supply and streetlights in the housing complexes to be offered in the upcoming scheme.
DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017
Delhi Development Authority is planning to launch the scheme by the end of February or in March for about 13500 flats at different locations. A majority of flats are located in Rohini and Narela. Delhi Development Authority offered about 25 thousand flats in its 2014 housing scheme but more than 10000 winners returned their flats because of the too small size of flats and lack of basic infrastructure.
To make the 2016 housing scheme a success, the authority has decided to first revamp the basic infrastructure facilities and then launch the scheme. The engineering department of the authority has been directed to prepare the plan and complete the work within the given time frame. It will take about 2-3 months to complete the work related to approach roads, streetlights etc in the housing complexes.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Learning from the high rejection rate in previous housing scheme, the Delhi Development Authority has decided to sell the returned flats at older rates and doing away with the 5 year lock in period. The authority has decided to first improve the basic facilities to attract a good response from the home seekers.
The applications for the scheme will be invited through online mode only. DDA Housing Scheme 2016-2017 has not been announced yet, complete detailed information would be available only after the launch.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is going to launch a Special Online Housing Scheme 2019 for Scheduled Caste / Scheduled Tribe category. Under this new DDA SC / ST housing scheme, there would be 500 flats on offer from old inventory. This decision is taken in the authority meeting of the urban body chaired by Lt. Governor Anil Baijal at Raj Niwas here. Application fee for SC / ST Special Housing Scheme will be received online only. 
All the flats would be in various categories like Self Financing Scheme, Higher Income Group, Medium Income Group, Lower Income Group and Janta / Economically Weaker Sections category. The payment of cost of flats would be on cash down basis expect under the category for Persons with Disability. 
The selection of candidates for allotment of flats under DDA Special SC / ST Online Housing Scheme 2019 would be done through the draw of lots.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA SC / ST Special Online Housing Scheme 2019
The authority has taken a decision to launch a DDA special online housing scheme 2019 for SC / ST for approx. 500 flats from old inventory. Application fees is to be made online only and the ratio will be 2:1 for SC and ST category applicants and tentative cost will be as per standard costing. All the flats on offer are in SFS / HIG, MIG, LIG and Janta / EWS category. Payment of flats will be on cash down basis under PWDs category. DDA flat allotment will be done through draw of lots. 
All other terms and conditions of DDA Special Online Housing Scheme 2019 is going to be as per the brochure of housing scheme including the application fees. DDA has received around 50,000 applications for its new online housing scheme 2019 with authorities attributing the poor response to bulk of flats being located in Narela area in outer Delhi. The last date to apply online for DDA’s online scheme 2019 which was launched in March has ended on 10 June 2019. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the existing provision of the scheme for allotment of houses to SC / STs, in case the total number of applications received are less from the reserved category, then all the remaining flats would be offered to persons belonging to general category. DDA will also offer 1 bedroom flats to Non-Commissioned Officers (NCOs) and recipients of gallantry, awards, war widows and persons who got injured or disabled during action or war. 
DDA has also decided to offer 1 bedroom flats at Sector G-2 and G-8 Narela and Sectors 34 and 35 Rohini to above category of persons at 7 lakh per dwelling unit although cost of flat is around 15 lakh. This will be 1 time concession to persons of this category. As 50% of cost is being charged, a clause would be incorporated in the demand letter. Allottees would not be able to sell or transfer or part with possession of flats in any manner for 10 years from date of possession. During this period, the property would be treated as leasehold.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.news18.com/news/india/dda-to-launch-special-online-housing-scheme-2019-for-scst-category-2187529.html
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 Application Form & Last Date1. DDA Housing Scheme 2019 Online Application & Flat Booking2. Delhi DDA Housing Scheme 2019 Eligibility & DetailsReferences
Delhi Development Authority is going to launch DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 for allotment of DDA flats at dda.org.in. This is an old inventory of DDA Awasiya Yojana 2017 in which flats would be allotted on first come first serve basis. All the interested people who wants to avail DDA flats at lower prices at various locations in Delhi can fill DDA Housing Scheme 2019 online application form before specified last date and make booking for DDA flats. 
Under DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019, the authority would provide two types of flats namely Janta Flats and One Bed Room (1 BHK) Flats. The application money for DDA Flats Scheme 2019 is set at Rs. 10,000 for Janta Flats and Rs. 15,000 for One Bedroom Flats.
This DDA Online Running Scheme for disposal of old inventory flats of Awasiya Yojana-2017 on FCFS basis would be launched on 18 January 2019 at 3 p.m. The DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 last date is being specified in the circular which states that the scheme will remain in operation till the entire inventory is disposed off. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 Application Form & Last Date
DDA has approved allotment of old inventory of flats of Awasiya Yojana 2017 through Online Running Scheme on First Come First Serve (FCFS) basis at dda.org.in. Delhi DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 is for Janta / one bedroom flats in Narela G-2, Narela G-8, Siraspur and Ramgarh colony location and the scheme will start on 18 January 2019. DDA Flats Scheme 2019 will allot flats on a free hold basis, there is no income criteria and candidates can apply online as per their requirement and affordability. All the applicants can fill Delhi DDA Housing Scheme 2019 online application form as given below:-
1. DDA Housing Scheme 2019 Online Application & Flat Booking
Below is the complete process to fill DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 online application form and make online booking for DDA flats in Delhi:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Applicants can apply online for DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 and for this candidates can visit the official website www.dda.org.in.
All the applicants who are applying online for DDA flats under this DDA Housing Scheme 2019 will have to deposit application money as detailed below – Rs. 10,000 for Janta Flats and Rs. 15,000 for One Bed Room flats.
All the desirable applicants will have to apply online for specific DDA flats on FCFS basis.
Afterwards, candidates will be given a resonable time duration say 30 minutes to deposit application money online to confirm flat booking. Till this selected period of 30 minutes, the selected DDA flats would not be available for selection by other applicants.
Once the application money is paid by the applicant, the selected flat would be kept reserved (booked) for that applicant. Moreover, DDA Demand-cum-Allotment letter will be sent to the applicant to deposit the requisite amount within 3 months and documents for issuance of possession letter.
DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 Advertisement

2. Delhi DDA Housing Scheme 2019 Eligibility & Details
In order to get more information on terms and conditions, eligibility criteria, period of payment, conveyance deed, mortgage / availing loan, misuse, additions and alterations, possession of flats, status of allottee, inspection of DDA flats in Delhi, candidates can click the link:-
https://dda.org.in/tendernotices_docs/march15/circular_online17012019.pdf
Under this DDA Online Housing Scheme 2019 in Delhi, there are around 250 one bed room flats in Narela G-2, 600 one bed room flats in Narela G-8, 300 flats in Siraspur and 125 flats in Ramgarh colony. 
References
— To get complete information about DDA Housing Scheme 2019 click at the link – https://dda.org.in/ddaweb/housing.aspx
— Candidates can contact at the toll free number 1800-110332 and for more details, visit the official website dda.org.in. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. has extended the scope of Doorstep Delivery Scheme (Phase 2) for delivery of public services at home to the citizens. Apart from the already existing 40 services, govt. will add 35 more government services in the second phase of doorstep delivery of services (Sarkar Aapke Dwaar) in Delhi. People can now simply call 1076, register their details and mobile sahayaks would come at their home to provide benefits of these total 75 services. 
Since the roll-out of Doorstep Delivery of Services across Delhi in January 2018, citizens have been seeking to avail public services in large numbers. Delhi govt. announces its decision to add another 35 facilities to the Doorstep Delivery Scheme by the end of this month. 
The list of new services which are going to be added to the doorstep delivery of services scheme was drawn up after consultations between the state govt. and the concerned departments. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Doorstep Delivery Scheme Delhi Phase 2
Services of Delhi Transport Corporation, Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation, Delhi Tourism and Higher education have been included in the Doorstep Delivery Scheme Phase 2. Labour, social welfare and food & civil supplies departments have also been brought under doorstep delivery of services. In this second phase, govt. will add 35 new govt. services.
After making a call to 1076 helpline number, the call centre will take down the relevant details and inform you about the documents required as well as the applicable payment. After the confirmation of appointment, govt. will send a facilitator (mobile sahayak) to the pre-decided location either at home or at office who will reach the caller’s residence at a pre determined time. Facilitator would carry a tablet with himself and would just charge a nominal fees of Rs. 50 for providing doorstep delivery of services.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

After the starting of second phase of the Delhi Doorstep Delivery of Services Scheme, citizens would be able to avail services such as:-


New Services to be Added


Payment of motor vehicle tax.


Apply for Seasonal Bus Pass.


Addition of new members / change of residential address in Ration Card.


Addition of new class of vehicle to driving licence.


Bread & Breakfast Scheme registration.


Book religious tour packages.


Fresh / Renewal of Pharmacy Licence.


Seeking income linked financial assistance from higher education department.


In case the facilitators faces any technical issue in filling up the form during the ongoing training, then some of the services might be dropped from the list. Call Center in Delhi receives around 2,000 calls per day and around 1,000 appointments are booked on daily basis. The state govt. has already increased the number of mobile sahayaks and phone lines at the call centre.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) Apply Online Delhi High Security Registration Plate Price ChartDelhi High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) Status
People can now apply online for installation of Delhi High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) for 4 wheelers (car) or 2 wheelers (bike, scooty) at bookmyhsrp.com. All the Delhi residents who doesn’t possess HSRP on their old vehicles can check book an online appointment & can also check their HSRP plate status online. As per the Supreme Court’s (SC) directions, Transport department of Delhi has started the process of replacing number pates in old vehicles with tamper proof registration plates from 12 October 2020.
New vehicles in Delhi are coming with fitted authorized high security registration plates. But most of the old vehicles doesn’t have these sophisticated and tamper proof plates. As per the estimates of the transport department, there are around 40 lakh vehicles which includes both four wheelers and two wheelers, that don’t have these HSRP number plates.
HSRP plates concept was first rolled out in Delhi in the FY 2012 and now the department is carrying out this process of installing HSRP plates in every vehicle in phases.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) Apply Online 
The transport department has made the process of getting these authorized HSRP a smoother affair as appointments can be booked online. Currently, the registration plates of vehicles registration in Delhi b/w 1 January 2011 and 30 April 2012 are being replaced. Below is the complete procedure for HSRP online registration in Delhi. Below is the complete process to apply online for Delhi High Security Registration Plates (HSRP):-
Step 1: Firstly visit the official website at https://www.bookmyhsrp.com/Index.aspx 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Step 2: At the homepage, click at either “Private Vehicle (Non-Transport) – White Plate” or “Commercial Vehicle (Transport) – Yellow Plate” tab.
Step 3: Select Fuel Type as either Petrol or Diesel or EV or CNG or CNG+Petrol as shown here:-
Book My HSRP Fuel Type
Step 4: Then select your vehicle type as two or three wheelers or four wheelers or commercial vehicles.
Book My HSRP Vehicle Type
Step 5: Next select Vehicle Make for your vehicle such as Scooter, Motorcycle, Auto Rikshaw, 4 wheeler or other with the name of the company who manufactures that vehicle.
Step 6: Now select the name of the State as either Uttar Pradesh or Delhi as both of these states have already started HSRP registration process. 
Step 7: Next applicants will have to select their nearest location or dealer from where you want to affix your HSRP. 
Step 8: Then applicants will have to fill vehicle information as a part of the Booking / Appointment Details as shown here:-
Delhi HSRP Booking / Appointment Details
Step 9: Applicants will have to enter their registration number, date, chassis number, engine no, e-mail ID, mobile number, vehicle type and click at “Next” button. Then verify the OTP sent on your registered mobile number. Select date and time slot.
Step 10: Finally, applicants can make payment through online mode. People can enter GST number if GST is registered. Your order will be confirmed through SMS and E-Mail.
To get a counterfeit number plate from a roadside shop which looks similar to high-security registration plate might appears an easy way out in comparison to queue up at an authorized center. But now these local duplicate number plates can lead you to prosecution and punishment. 
So, citizens can apply online for high security number plate in Delhi. This process has been made online in order to avoid overcrowding at the HSRP Delhi center and to ensure that vehicle owners have a hassle free experience.
Delhi High Security Registration Plate Price Chart
Here all the citizens can check the rate chart before applying online for Delhi High Security Registration Plate:-HSRP Rate Chart
ItemUnitRateComplete Set of Registration Plate inclusive of Snap Lock and fixing of two-wheeler Scooters, Motor-Cycle and Moped1 set69Complete Set of Registration Plate inclusive of Snap Lock, 3rd Registration Plate and fixing for three-wheeler (Passengers and goods) and invalid carriages1 set86Complete set of Registration Plate inclusive of Snap Lock, 3rd Registration Plate and Fixing for Light Motor Vehicle/Passenger Cars (excluding tractor)1 set213Complete set of Registration Plate inclusive of Snap Lock and fixing for tractors1 set69Complete Set of Registration Plate inclusive of Snap Lock, 3rd Registration Plate and fixing for Medium Commercial Vehicle / Heavy Commercial Vehicle / Trailer combination1 set220Delhi High Security Number Plate Chart
There are however only 13 authorised hsrp affixation centres in Delhi where high-security registration plates can be installed and the list of these centres can be accessed at http://www.hsrpdelhi.com/status/default.html.
Delhi High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) Status
All the citizens who have made Delhi High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) online registration and have already applied online can now check their HSRP plate status online. The complete procedure to check HSRP online application status has been described below:-
Firstly visit the same official website https://www.bookmyhsrp.com/Index.aspxAt the homepage, click at the “Check Status” tab or directly click this linkAfterwards, the status check page for HSRP number plates will appears as follows:-
Check Delhi HSRP Appointment Status Online
People can now check their HSRP appointment status using Order Number and Vehicle Reg No., Captcha and then click at the “Search” button. Applicants can then go to the affixation center on the fixed date to install HSRP on their vehicles.
All the authorized dealers are now fully equipped to provide the numberplates, so vehicle owners should take the appointment online and get it done. In addition to the new numberplates, vehicles coming to the affixation centres will also get hologram-based colour stickers which would denote the type of fuel used in the vehicle.
High Security Number Plate Online Apply Delhi
The transport department will notify the schedule later for the affixation of high security registration plates in vehicles registered prior to 1 January 2011.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Online Application / RegistrationDelhi Free Tirth Yatra Yojana Travel PackageSenior Citizen Tirth Yatra Scheme 2018-19 Delhi – Eligibility & Documents
Delhi govt. is inviting Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana online application form at edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in. Under this free tirath yatra scheme, the state govt. will provide free pilgrimage visits to 77,000 senior citizens in the state. Delhi Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana online registration form filling process starts on 5 December 2018. 
Delhi Free Tirth Yatra online application form can be filled through e-district portal and anyone must not submit any manual application. For Delhi Free Tirth Yatra Yojana, counters of SDM office, office of Tirth Vikas Samiti and MLA offices would serve as facilitation counters.
Interested candidates can now apply online for Senior Citizen Tirth Yatra Scheme 2018-19 at the official website for 1st trip to pilgrims.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Online Application / Registration
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for Delhi Free Tirth Yatra Yojana / Senior Citizen Tirth Yatra Scheme 2018-19:-

Firstly visit the official website edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in
At the homepage, candidates have to click at the “New User” link under ‘Citizen’s Corner’ section or can directly click this link
Afterwards, the Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Online Registration Form will appear as shown below:-
Delhi Mukhyamantri Tirth Yatra Yojana Online Registration Form
Candidates needs to enter the details like ID proof and document proof to open the Free Tirth Yatra Scheme Delhi complete registration form (Step 2)
Tirth Yatra Online Form Delhi
Here candidates can fill the complete details accurately to complete the Senior Citizen Free Teerth Yatra Yojana registration process.

After completion of Delhi CM Tirth Yatra Yojana registration process, candidates can login into their accounts and apply for this service.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Tirth Yatra Yojana Travel Package
Applicants can apply online for free tirath yatra scheme and can avail the following travel packages:-


Route
Duration


Delhi-Mathura-Vrindavan-Agra-Fatehpur Sikri-Delhi
4 days


Delhi-Ajmer-Pushkar-Delhi
4 days


Delhi-Amritsar-Wagah Border-Anandpur Sahib-Delhi
5 days


Delhi-Haridwar-Rishikesh-Neelkanth-Delhi
4 days


Delhi-Vaishno Devi-Jammu-Delhi
5 days


Around 77,000 pilgrims can avail the benefits of Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana in Delhi and 1,000 pilgrims from each assembly constituency would be selected. All the selected applicants would also be entitled for an accidental insurance coverage of Rs. 1 lakh.
Senior Citizen Tirth Yatra Scheme 2018-19 Delhi – Eligibility & Documents
All the applicants must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to apply online for Mukhyamantri Teerth Yatra Yojana in Delhi:-

All the applicants must be above the age of 60 years to avail free tirath yatra scheme benefits.
Applicants and his / her spouse can only apply for the muft teerth darshan service is they are residents of Delhi.
In case the age of applicant/ spouse is above 70 years, then they can take an attendant with them.
The age of the attendant must be atleast 20 years.
Documents required – Medical certificate, self declaration, MLA certificate, Voter ID card
Voter ID card is applicable for applicants / spouse must be of Delhi, attendant can be of Delhi or outside Delhi.
In case the applicant / spouse is a central / state govt. employee or local autonomous body employee, then he/ she would not be able to avail the service.

Delhi govt. has signed an agreement with IRCTC and the train will start from Safdarjung railway station. The train would be of general category with 15 coaches. Along with the pilgrims, a team of doctors and paramedical staff would also be present. All the senior citizens above the age of 70 years would also get a chance to go along with attendant.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना 2019-2020 ऑनलाइन पंजीकरण और आवेदन प्रधामंत्री आवास योजना की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट pmaymis.gov.in पर उपलब्ध हैं। जानें प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना के फायदे, पात्रता और अन्य जानकारी

Table of Contents

PM Awas Yojana Online Application Forms 2020PMAY EligibilityTake Printout of Online Application Form of PMAYPMAY Online Application Edit/Change/Update
pmaymis.gov.in – PMAY Online Application Forms 2020 | PMAY Online Registration CSC | Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Online Application Form 2020
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 2020 online application forms are being accepted through the official website of PM Awas Yojana at pmaymis.gov.in. The online application process for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is very simple and here we will guide you on how to fill online application forms for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 2019-2020 through pmaymis.gov.in.
The online registration process for PM Awas Yojana is very simple, you just need to make sure that you are entering the correct information. If you are eligible to apply for PMAY, you can follow the below step by step PMAY online application procedure along with screenshots.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

LATEST UPDATE: Online applications for the PM Awas Yojana have been started again after the general elections 2019. Below is the complete procedure to apply online for PMAY-U.
The central government has recently extended the timeline to avail the interest subsidy on home loans under CLSS component of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban by 15 Months. However the PMAY Last Date has been extended for the MIG applicants only.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM Awas Yojana Online Application Forms 2020
Below is the complete step by step procedure to apply online for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban through the official website.
STEP 1: Open the official website of PMAY at pmaymis.gov.in and select one of the two options of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana application from “Citizen Assessment” menu, as given in the below screenshot.
PMAY HFA Urban Online Registration
You have to select one of the two links as per the following criteria
– If you are currently living in slum area, then select “For Slum Dwellers” otherwise select “Benefits under other 3 Components” from the drop down menu.
OR You can directly click the following links to apply online for PMAY
For Slum Dwellers: https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Check_Aadhar_Existence.aspx?comp=a
For benefits under other 3 Components: https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Check_Aadhar_Existence.aspx?comp=b
STEP 2: On the next page as seen below, you will have to enter your Aadhar number or Virtual ID and Name as per Aadhar Card and click the “Check” button.
PMAY Urban Apply Online Aadhaar Virtual ID Name
STEP 3: If your Aadhar number is correct, a new page will open which will look like the below image. If your Aadhar number is incorrect, try again by entering your correct Aadhar number. If you do not have Aadhar number, you will not be able to apply for PMAY.
PMAY Online Application Form | Source: pmaymis.gov.in
STEP 4: Fill the details correctly including your personal details, contact details, current residential address, Aadhar Number, Bank Account details and income details in the application form.
STEP 5: Click the checkbox which says “I am aware of….” and then click the “Save” Button at the end of application form.
PMAY Online Application Form Submit | Source: pmaymis.gov.in
STEP 6: Once you click “Save”, you will see a new screen where a system generated application number will be given to you, you can either print this directly if a printer is attached with your computer or save it for your future reference.
Your application is now complete. You can track status of PMAY application on the same website at pmaymis.gov.in.
PMAY Eligibility
Before applying for PM Awas Yojana online, please make sure that
– You are eligible to apply for the scheme (Check your name in the PMAY beneficiary list).
– You have your Aadhar Number with you, Aadhar is mandatory for PMAY online application.
– Your computer is connected to a reliable internet connection.
– You have the details of your saving bank account with you.
– You have the actual details of your household income.
Eligibility PM Awas Yojana
Take Printout of Online Application Form of PMAY
You can take a printout of the PMAY online application form filled by you by entering your name, father name & ID type or just the application number. Click the link below to take print out of PMAY application form.
https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Print_Application_By_applicationNo.aspx
The PMAY HFA Urban print assessment form page by application number will appear as shown below:-
PMAY Urban Online Application Form Print Name Mobile No.
People can also take printout of their PMAY Urban application form online through assessment ID which will appear as below:-
PMAY Urban Online Application Form Print Assessment ID
PMAY Online Application Edit/Change/Update
After submission of online application form on pmaymis.gov.in, you can also edit the details just by entering your application number and Aadhar number. The facility has been provided to the applicants in case they entered any detail incorrectly or wish to change their contact details.
PMAY Urban Apply Online Form Edit Update
To change or update the information of your PMAY application, please visit this link.
https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Format_A_B_Edit.aspx
Online applications for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana are also being invited through Common Service Centers, to know the procedure to apply through CSC, please follow the links below
IN ENGLISH: Apply Online for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban) through CSC 
IN HINDI: प्रधान मंत्री आवास योजना के लिए ऑनलाइन आवेदन कैसे करें – पूरी जानकारी
NOTE: These applications for PMAY are being invited by Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation for assessment purpose, the final approval to the application would be given by State Government / Urban Local Body.
See PM Awas Yojana List of Beneficiaries 2020
IMAGE CREDITS AND SOURCE: pmaymis.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has announced to launch Water Bill Arrears Waiver Scheme on 30 November 2019. Under this scheme, govt. will waive off water arrears of citizens who have water meters installed at their homes. Paani Bill Maafi Yojana is expected to benefit a total of 13 lakh people. With streamlined water connections, Delhi govt. will also earn an amount of Rs. 600 crore.
All the water bills of people in Delhi who have functional meters till the period of 31 March 2019 will be waived off. All the consumers who are in A & B categories will get 25% waiver and category C & D will get 50% waiver. Accordingly, individuals in E, F, G, H categories will receive 100% waiver on their water bill arrears. 
There are around 10.5 lakh people who come under E, F, G and H categories whose 100% bill would be waived off. CM Arvind Kejriwal said that he will write letters to all consumers in Delhi. Some of these arrears are due to customers and some are due to faulty billing. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Water Bill Arrears Waiver Scheme 2019
The state govt. of Delhi is going to send an open invitation to people to join mainstream and install water meters. This will help Delhi govt. to save Rs. 600 crore and strengthen the economy. Around 13 lakh people in A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H categories would be benefited through this Paani Bill Maafi Yojana. The water bills would be waived off in the following manner:-


Categories
Percentage of Bill Waiver


A & B
25%


C & D
50%


E, F, G & H
100%


All the consumers who wants to avail the benefits of water bill waiver scheme will have to install water meters at their houses and inform Jal Board about it. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

On 1 August 2019, CM Kejriwal had announced to provide free electricity for upto 200 units. The power consumed b/w 201 and 400 units would be half of its price and govt. will provide 50% subsidy. Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has also announced free Wi-Fi across the national capital. 
The state govt. will install 11,000 hotspots in the first phase and every individual will get 15 GB of free data every month. Previously, Delhi govt. had announced free travel for women on DTC buses and Delhi metro. The state govt. will bear the expense at an approx. cost of Rs. 1,600 crore.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.businesstoday.in/current/economy-politics/arvind-kejriwal-announces-waiver-water-bill-arrears-delhi-benefit-13-lakh-people/story/375600.html
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. has decided to bring a proposal to revive the old pension scheme in the day long special session of Delhi Assembly held on 27 November 2018. CM said that a resolution to restore the old pension scheme will be passed in a special session of the Legislative Assembly and then it would be sent to Centre for approval. Mukhyamantri will also write a letter to his counterparts in other states like West Bengal, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh & Karnataka to follow suit. 
CM will fight with the central government to get it implemented across the country. If MPs, MLAs of our country who works for 40 days gets pension for lifetime, then why not the employees who works for 40 precious years of their life gets the pension. 
The pension is the right of each and every employee and the govt. will ensure that employees gets the pension.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Revival of Old Pension Scheme for Government Employees in Delhi
The employees forms a very important part of the government and have the power to even change the government of the country. Delhi CM slammed the new pension scheme as betrayal and cheating with the government employees. He wants that the Old Pension Scheme needs to be restored and so this decision will be passed in the special session of Delhi legislative assembly. Central govt. cannot accomplish the task of nation building by disappointing the govt. employees. 
Delhi govt. has performed well in the areas of education, health, power and water supply due to consistent cooperation and support of its employees. The new pension scheme was introduced by the central government in FY 2004. Under the New Pension Scheme, employees contribute towards pension from their monthly salary and the same amount of contribution is made by the employer. Pension fund managers then invests the funds in the earmarked investment schemes.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

CM said that it was destiny as the Constitution Day is celebrated on 26 November 1949 and on the similar day, AAP was formed in 2012. Mukhyamantri of Delhi accuses PM Modi of creating hurdles in his work and in the functioning of Delhi government. So, CM would fight with the central government to implement the Old Pension Scheme which is a long term demand of the employees. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


दिल्ली सरकार ने समाज कल्याण विभाग के प्रस्ताव को मंजूरी देते हुए व्यावसायिक प्रशिक्षण योजना के अंतर्गत वार्षिक पारिवारिक आय की सीमा को 1 लाख रूपये से 3 लाख रूपये कियाDelhi govt. has increased the annual family income criteria for vocational training scheme. Delhi cabinet has approved the proposal of Social Welfare Department (SWD) to enhance the annual family income criteria by Rs. 2 lakh under Vocational Training Scheme. VTS yojana aims to impart training to scheduled caste (SC), scheduled tribes (ST), other backward classes (OBC), minorities and physically handicapped persons.
The cabinet committee of Delhi approves SWDs proposal for enhancement in annual family income criteria from Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 3 lakh. SC / ST / OBC / Minority Vocational Training scheme is implemented by the DSFDC corporation. 
As per the latest Delhi govt., highest minimum wages is Rs. 17,916 per month or Rs. 1,14,992 per annum. So, the higher cost of living in Delhi is considered as a reason behind this raising of Family Income Criteria. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi SC / ST / OBC / Minority Vocational Training Scheme
The DSFDC corporation was not able to sponsor sufficient number of students to these 2 training institutes due to lower family income criteria. The committee setup by the govt. for SC / ST / OBC / Minority Vocational Training Scheme suggested that annual family income should be raised from existing Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 5 lakh. But the cabinet has raised the annual family income limit from Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 3 lakh.
The DSFDC corporation is implementing Vocational Training Scheme to impart job oriented vocational courses. People belonging to target groups like SC / ST / OBC / Minority get this vocational training to develop their skills and knowledge in a particular trade. This makes them self reliant for wage employment as well as self employment.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi govt. is providing funds as grant-in-aid for implementation of Vocational Training Scheme. The state govt. is providing training through 2 govt. institutes – Apparel Textiles Design Center (ATDC) and National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC). Both these institutes are under Ministry of Textiles and Ministry of Small and Medium Enterprises respectively.
In order to avail the benefits of SC / ST / OBC / Minority Vocational Training Scheme, the applicant must be a resident of Delhi. The age of the candidate must lie between 18 to 40 years. All the candidates are selected for Vocational Training Scheme on the basis of scrutiny of documents and interview.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/delhi-government-increases-annual-family-income-criteria-for-vocational-training-scheme-by-rs-2-lakh/articleshow/69978260.cms
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi government is going to provide Rs. 1,000 per year to each student in Class XI and XII in state govt. run schools. In addition, govt. will provide Rs. 5,000 to each government college students as seed money under its Entrepreneurship Curriculum. This new move of the government will tackle the problem of unemployment by teaching entrepreneurship to students. 
This new scheme of Delhi govt. will enable students to get knowledge about leadership skills and will turn them into entrepreneurs. The main focus is to make students job creators rather than job seekers. 
Education Minister Manish Sisodia has given information about this decision on 13 February 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Entrepreneurship Curriculum 2019
The new move of the Delhi govt. to provide Rs. 5,000 per year to government college students will encourage students to start business ventures. In order to turn them into entrepreneurs, students would be taught to take risk in business. If only 1% of government school / college students goes on to become entrepreneurs, then India will surely become a superpower. Previously, the state government had introduced happiness curriculum which is often praised by the foreign delegates.
The Delhi Entrepreneurship Curriculum is also going to have the same impact. Ironically, the state govt. is providing degree to students but whenever there is a clerk job, hundreds of PhD scholarship makes online registrations and apply for that jobs. This situation arises only due to the lack of knowledge and the students are unable to figure out what is best suitable for them.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The entire country is suffering from the lack of employment opportunities and with each passing day, the number of job seekers are increasing rather than job creators. All the school children wants to get jobs rather then becoming employment generators. This thought process can be solved by the new Delhi Entrepreneurship Curriculum.
Delhi govt. is consistently working hard to create more employment opportunities which is the true patriotism. This new entrepreneurship curriculum will help children let their fear go and do something creative in order to eventually create jobs for thousands of people. 
The state govt. is going to allocate upto Rs. 50 crore in the budget in the next financial year in order to enable students to get seed money to generate new ideas of business plan. Any entrepreneur is the person who believes in themselves and has ability to gather resources and solve problems. 
The new Entrepreneurship Curriculum is not going to focus on any business or job oriented skill. However, this curriculum will equip learners with a mindset to help choose any profession they want to get in. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


दिल्ली सरकार मुफ्त मेट्रो / बस यात्रा स्कीम 2019 की शुरुआत करेगी, अब महिलाएं के लिए डीटीसी की बसों, सार्वजनिक परिवहन और मेट्रो में सफर करना होगा नि:शुल्कDelhi government has announced Free Metro / Bus Ride Scheme to ensure safe travel experience for women. After the implementation of scheme, any women in Delhi can avail free fare in any metro, DTC buses or cluster buses running under the state government. All the expenses of free ride scheme would be borne by the Delhi government as announced by CM Arvind Kejriwal at a press conference. 
The Free Bus / Metro Ride Scheme in Delhi would be optional and subsidy would not be imposed on anyone. Several women in Delhi are capable of purchasing tickets for public transport. Those women who can afford to purchase tickets needn’t take any subsidy. 
The state govt. of NCT of Delhi would encourage those women to buy tickets and not take subsidy so that others could benefit.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Free Metro / Bus Ride Scheme 2019
Now on all DTC buses, cluster buses and metro trains, women would be allowed to travel free of cost so that they have safe travel experience. Delhi Free Bus / Metro Ride Scheme will enable women to access public transport which they were not able to due to high prices. This scheme is till date a proposal and has not launched yet. CM has given 1 week time to the govt. officials to make a detailed proposal to both DTC and Delhi Metro on how and when t could be implemented. 
Delhi govt. is planning to start this Free Metro / Bus Ride Scheme 2019 within 2 to 3 months. The state govt. is seeking suggestions from people regarding its implementation. Delhi govt. officials is already holding meetings to discuss various aspects of fare waiver to women in public transport buses run by DTC, DIMTS and Delhi Metro.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Central Govt. Role in Delhi Free Bus / Metro Ride Scheme
CM Arvind Kejriwal has put allegations on central govt. that center does not want this Free Metro / Bus Ride Scheme in Delhi is implemented. Initially, Delhi govt. told center not to increase prices of tickets while central govt. didn’t agree. Then state govt. told that it has 50:50 partnership in Delhi Metro and has asked central govt. to give 50-50 subsidy on raised prices, center didn’t agree. 
The state govt. of Delhi is going to bear the fare of free bus, metro ride scheme and it does not require any approval from the state government. The proposal to make Delhi Metro and DTC / Cluster bus rides free was made on 2 June 2019 to encourage women to use public transport.
The state govt. is not going to face any problems in implementation of free travel in DTC and Cluster buses run by DIMTS. However, it would be challenging to implement this fare scheme in Metro trains as central and Delhi govt. are 50:50 equity partners in DMRC.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.indiatoday.in/india/story/free-metro-bus-rides-for-women-in-delhi-arvind-kejriwal-announces-1541363-2019-06-03
SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. has decided to launch Connect Delhi Scheme 2019 Phase 1 to improve transport services in the city. Connect Delhi initiative promises a reliable public transport facility within 500 metres at every neighborhood and village in Delhi. The phase 1 of the pilot project would soon be implemented in Najafgarh where residents would be able to avail transport facilities at 15 minutes interval. 
The state govt. of Delhi has made a study of the existing bus routes and feeder services. Low accessibility, high waiting time and overcrowding are some of the issues faced by the bus services in the city. 
To improve public transport system in the national capital, the Delhi govt. has launched the first phase of the Connect Delhi Scheme. This scheme is going to work through route rationalization system.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Connect Delhi Scheme 2019 (Phase 1) Launch
Rationalisation of bus routes and feeder services is a crucial aspect and the Connect Delhi Scheme will rationalize bus and feeder services through optimum use of resources. This scheme is going to improve accessibility, connectivity and efficiency of the overall public transport system in the city. This initiative is a part of the route rationalization study being carried out by the Delhi Integrated Multi Modal Transit System. DIMTS is making study of existing bus routes and feeder services routes and parallel services of same route are being identified in terms of trips and route length. 
A detailed study is being carried out by DIMTS to understand the existing conditions and issues of bus services in Delhi. There would a scientific analysis of not only the bus routes but also RTVs, Grameen Sewa and feeder buses. In initial study report, it was found that several issues such as low accessibility, high waiting time, overcrowding and overlapping routes with other feeder services and lack of service hierarchy affected the transport system in Delhi.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

So, govt. has decided to launch Connect Delhi Scheme 2019 which aims at providing reliable transport facility within 500 metres walking distance. This Phase 1 would be implemented in the area of Najafgarh which would reduce waiting time. The proposed plan does not have the intend to remove any of the existing bus service routes rather it aims at their improvement.
Transport Facilities & Route Identification – Connect Delhi Program
As a part of the Connect Delhi Project, the state govt. has already identified 17 bus routes in Najafgarh area. These routes includes 3 trunk routes namely 817 (Kair Village-Inderlok), 817N (Najafgarh-Mori Gate) and 764 (Najafgarh-Nehru Place). Here buses would remain available every 5 to 10 minutes. In order to maintain the frequency, around 70 buses have been deployed on these routes.
Apart from these trunk routes, the govt. has identified 8 more primary routes, where bus facility would be available at every 10 to 20 minutes interval. Along with these routes, there are another 6 feeder routes which will run every 20 to 45 minutes.
The state govt. authorities are planning to introduce a different colour scheme for separate routes for easy identification. Delhi govt. is also going to roll-out 1,000 standard floor buses within 2 months and there is a requirement of another 2,500 smaller buses which can pass through narrow lanes and roads. Delhi govt. is planning to procure these additional small buses through Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) or cluster scheme. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

How to Apply/Register Online at edudel.nic.inList of Delhi Govt. SchoolsList of Documents Required at the time of Admission
Online application/registration forms for non-plan admission in 6th and 9th class in Delhi Government school are now open and can be done through the official website at edudel.nic.in. Online application for admission in 6th and 9th standard can be filled from 3:00 PM on 19 April 2017. Earlier the start date of application was 17th April but was re-scheduled.
The last date to register online for 6th and 9th class admissions is 29th April 2017. The online admissions process was rescheduled due to maintenance of the server.
Latest Update – All the students who wishes to get admission in Class 9th in delhi govt. schools can make registration and fill the application form through the link – Delhi Admission 2018-19 for Class 9th (Schools of Excellence) and Class 6th to 9th Admission 2018-19 in Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas (RPVV)



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

How to Apply/Register Online at edudel.nic.in
Below is the step by step procedure to fill the online application or registration form for admission in 6th and 9th standard in Delhi Government Schools.
STEP 1: The applicants first need to visit the official website of the Delhi Education Department Website at edudel.nic.in.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 2: Click on the “Govt. School Admission” link from the main menu.
STEP 3: On the next page, click on the first link which says “Online Application Form for Admission in Govt. Schools in Classes VI & IX” or directly click this link.
STEP 4: On the next page, read all the instructions carefully and then click “Next” button at the bottom of the page.
STEP 5: On the next page, an online application form similar to below would open. Fill all the mandatory details in the application form and click “Next” and complete the next step.
edudel.nic.in – Online Registration Form for Admission in 6th and 9th Class
STEP 6: Take a printout of the application form as acknowledgement which will be required at the time of admission.
In the online application form, parents can select up to 5 government schools as their preferences. The admission will be allotted to the student on the basis of the seats available in the preferred schools. Once a seat is allotted, admission process can be completed by verifying the documents at the school premises.
Age Criteria for admissions
Class 6th – Completed 10 years but less than 12 years as on 31-03-2017
Class 9th – Completed 13 years but less than 15 years as on 31-03-2017
Important Dates
Start of Online Registrations: 19 April, 3:00 PM
End of Online Registrations: 29 April
Declaration of List of Selected Students: 02 May (Tuesday)
Submission of Documents for Admission: 03 May to 08 May 2017
Following details would have to be provided by the parents in the online application form
a. Personal details like name, father’s name, mother’s name, and residential address.
b. Aadhar number of child.
c. Bank account details of child including account number, bank name, branch and IFSC.
d. Date of birth of child.
List of Delhi Govt. Schools
The cluster wise list of schools for admission in 6th and 9th standard can be found on the official website using the below links.
Govt. Schools for Online Admissions to Class VI
Govt. Schools for Online Admissions to Class IX
List of Documents Required at the time of Admission

One passport size photograph of child.
For Class 6th – School leaving certificate of a recognized school OR original date of birth certificate issued by MCD or any other local body OR an undertaking by the parents regarding the date of birth as per the Part-B of application form.
for class 9th – School leaving certificate of a recognized school.
Mark sheet of previous class passed (5th for 6th class and 8th for 9th class admission).
Any one of the following documents as residence proof.

BPL or Ration card issued in the name of parents having the name of child.
Domicile certificate of child or parents.
Voter ID card of father or mother.
Electricity/MTNL Landline/Water bill in the name of parents.
Bank passbook in the name of child or parents.
Aadhar card of child or Parents.
Passport in the name of any of the parents or child.
Driving license of parents.


Certificate of caste (In case of SC/ST/OBC).
Certificate of disability.

The detailed procedure of admission can be found on the official website at the below link.
http://edudel.nic.in/upload/upload_2017_18/475_78_dt_28032017.pdf.
Official Website: www.edudel.nic.in.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Access Delhi Archives Land Records Portal OnlineE-Abhilekh Delhi – Land / Property Records OnlineUser Registration for Delhi E-Abhilekh Land Records
Delhi government has launched the Delhi Archives Land Record Portal at archives.delhi.gov.in on 13 February 2019. Through this web portal, people can access digitized land records online and E-Abhilekh through digital mode just with the click of the mouse. After making online registration on the computerisation of land record portal, any person can check the chain of any property till FY 1993. 
Even the details of how the ownership was transferred is available at Delhi Archives Land Records Portal. People can also get a copy of land records just by paying a small fees.
The land records available at Delhi Archives belong to the people and can be used for purpose of research as well as by residents looking for administrative documents, especially those related to property and land ownership.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Access Delhi Archives Land Records Portal Online
Delhi Archives hosts a fascinating collection of over 4 crore images, maps and other archival documents which dates back to FY 1803. The precious heritage at Delhi Archives is in process of being digitized through state-of-art technology and methods. Delhi Archives is a path breaking initiative by the govt. both in terms of volume of documents which are being digitized and technology used. Accessing Land Records Online in Delhi is now an easier task that will bring transparency in land ownership in the capital.
Till date, around 2 crore documents have been scanned out of which 60 lakh documents have been tagged, uploaded and are ready to be accessed online. The new Delhi Archives Portal has over 60 lakh digitized old records for general public to access with the click of a mouse. The state govt. will add more documents to the archive portal each day.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

E-Abhilekh Delhi – Land / Property Records Online
In order to make people understand the working of the search engine, deputy CM has searched the property details of a former PM, a popular film star, a former bureaucrat and got amazing results. All the candidates can directly access digitized property and archival records through the link:-
http://archives.delhi.gov.in/abhilekh/
All the documents made live have always been in the public domain and by their digitization and sharing them online, accessing land records has become much easier. 
User Registration for Delhi E-Abhilekh Land Records
The nodal office has been digitized and preserved under book 1 of property registration wing of revenue department. This department has sale and lease deeds of properties in Delhi. The wills (vasiyat) registered with the department and special & general power of attorney which are confidential in nature have not been put online. The user registration process for accessing E-Abhilekh portal or land records online is shown below:-
Delhi E-Abhilekh Land Records Online Registration 
E-Abhilekh project was started in September 2017 and will cost Rs 25.4 crore. Delhi Archives Portal will not only facilitate users but also give a long life to the land records by putting them online. 
— For more details, visit the official portal at http://archives.delhi.gov.in/delhiarchive/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. invites Self Employment Loan Scheme offline applications from the jobless youth to take loans for commercial vehicles and battery operated e-rickshaws. All the unemployed youths from scheduled castes, other backward classes, minorities and safai karamcharis can fill application form under self employment scheme to avail loans and become self employed.
Candidates from the above mentioned categories can firstly check the eligibility criteria for Self Employment Loan Scheme before filling the application form. This scheme has been started to provide loans to all the youths between the age of 18 to 45 years to purchase vehicles and to earn a regular income.
Self Employment Scheme in Delhi aims to provide employment opportunities to the youths and to enable them to earn their livelihood. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Self Employment Loan Scheme – Eligibility & Application Form
Below is the complete eligibility criteria to avail loans under Self Employment Loan Scheme in Delhi for commercial vehicles and battery operated e-rickshaws:-

The age limit for unemployed youth to avail loans is 18 to 45 years.
He / She should have a valid commercial licence and a badge in his / her name.
Youths must be a permanent resident of Delhi for the last 5 years and must possess Voter ID card, Ration card and Aadhaar card.
For SC / OBC category, caste certificate issued by SDM is necessary. For minority category, an affidavit of the community concerned is required. For safai karamchari, certificate issued by the area concerned Sanitation Superintendent is mandatory.
Income certificate issued by SDM is also necessary to avail benefits of Self Employment Loan Scheme. The annual income for SC / OBC category must not exceed Rs. 3 lakh, upper income limit for minority category is Rs. 1.20 lakh and for safai karamcharis, there is no income limit.

This is a golden opportunity for unemployed youths of SC / OBC / Minorities / Safai Karamcharis to become self employed. Delhi govt. invites applications from unemployed youths of the above categories under self employment scheme to take loans for commercial vehicles and battery operated e-rickshaws.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

To get detailed information of scheme and free of cost application form, please contact the below mentioned offices of the corporation on any working day between 10 a.m to 3 p.m. The head office is at Ambedkar Bhawan, Sector 16, Rohini, Delhi. The central zone is present at 2 Battery Lane, Rajpur Road, Delhi. The west zone is A 33-38, B block, Lal Building, Mongolpuri, Delhi. The east zone is located at A-block, 1st floor, Bunkar Complex, Deputy Commissioner Office (North East), Near Gagan Cinema, Nand Nagri, Delhi.
Delhi Loans Vehicles Battery Operated E-Rickshaws
Interested candidates can submit completed application form along with necessary documents within 30 days in branch offices of the corporation from the advertisement. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Delhi govt. has launched Common Mobility Card Service which enables people to travel in metro trains, DTC and cluster buses using this “One” card. The tagline of this single One Card is ‘One Delhi One Ride’. The state govt. will also launch a mobile app for android & Iphone users through which commuters can plan multi-modal trips, including buses and metro trains in the city. 
The state govt. started Common Mobility Card Scheme to make travel in public transport more easy, convenient and seamless. People can use this rebranded common mobility card (CMC) named One Card in any mode of transportation which incorporates an electronic ticketing system.
All the One Card users will now get 10% discount in their metro train and DTC / cluster bus fares.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

One Delhi One Ride using Common Mobility Card (One Card)
The ONE Cards with tagline “One Delhi, One Ride” have a background of cubic grid in bright shades of red and yellow. It also has a circular unit with sketches of metro trains, DTC buses, auto rickshaws and monuments of the city. Delhi govt. is committed to providing people a seamless, high-quality travel experience of city’s public transport system.
Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) are working in coordination to Implement Common Mobility Card. The state govt. is focusing on development of infrastructure and system installation for connectivity purpose. Previously, smart cards of the Delhi Metro were being used for the purpose of common mobility. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

These Common Mobility Cards are available for purchase and recharge purposes. The One Card will remain available for sale at all metro stations and DTC pass counters. All the existing metro smart cards will still continue to stay valid. However, any new card or replacement would be done through One Card.
One Card Common Mobility Delhi
ONE Card carries the logo of all the 3 transport operators in the city – DTC, DMRC and Delhi government. One Cards will also enable the govt. to see live location of buses in Delhi.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Delhi Widow Pension Scheme Online Application FormDelhi Widow Pension Scheme – Documents RequiredEligibility for Delhi Widow Pension SchemeDownload Scheme Guidelines
Delhi govt. is inviting online application forms for the Widow Pension Scheme at edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in. Under this Vidhwa Pension Yojana in Delhi, all the women in distress who are divorced or have been left can apply for monthly pension amount of Rs. 2500. Interested candidates can fill Delhi Vidhwa Pension Yojana form to apply online.
Delhi Widow Pension Scheme online registration forms are available at the official edistrict portal of Delhi. Department of Women & Children development (WCD) is implementing this scheme and invites Vidhwa Pension Yojana online application form starting from 12 December 2018.
Apart from Widows, all the women above 18 years of age who have no adequate means of subsistence and are poor, needy and vulnerable can fill Pension Scheme online application / registration form at the official edistrict portal.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Widow Pension Scheme Online Application Form
Widow Pension Scheme in Delhi will provide social security by way of financial assistance to widows, divorced, separated, abandoned, deserted or destitute women. Below is the complete procedure to apply online for Delhi Vidhwa Pension Yojana:-
Firstly visit the official website edistrict.delhigovt.nic.inAt the homepage, click at the “New User” under the ‘Citizen’s Corner’ section or directly click this link.Afterwards, a new user registration form will appear as follows:

Delhi edistrict New User Registration
Here candidates can select the document type and enter the document number and click “Continue” for user registration form as shown below:

Delhi eDistrict Citizen Registration Form
Here candidates have to fill all the details correctly and click “Continue to Register” button to complete the registration process.
After the registration is successful, you will receive “Registration ID” and “Password” on given the mobile number.
Now Login using the registration ID and Password to apply online for Widow Pension Scheme in Delhi.
After logging in, go to the “Apply Online” link and click on “Apply” button of Sr. No. 25 (Pension Scheme for Women in Distress) under the Women and Child Development Department.
Complete all the details of the application form and select “Widow” under the category option to apply for Widow Pension Scheme.
Upload the required documents in scanned format. (Each document to be less than 100KB)
After Uploading all the required documents, click “Final Submit”, you will receive an OTP, verify it and take the printout of application form.
Contact the district office along with the application form and original copy of required documents.
Check your status online on the same Delhi edistrict portal and fix the objection, if any and re-submit the application form.
All the candidates can follow the above mentioned process to fill Delhi widow pension scheme online application form.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Delhi Widow Pension Scheme – Documents Required
The assistance amount under the Pension Scheme for Women in Distress or Widow Pension Scheme in Delhi is Rs. 2500 per month which would be transferred to the bank account of the beneficiary on a quarterly basis through ECS of RBI or PFMS. All the eligible women must possess the following documents to avail the Delhi Vidhwa Pension Scheme benefits:-
Aadhaar Card of the applicantAge Proof CertificateAadhaar Linked Bank AccountResidence Certificate (Minimum 5 Years Residence) in DelhiIncome Certificate to certify that annual income of family from all sources does not exceed Rs. 1 lakh p.aAffidavit / Self Declaration Form to certify that applicant is not previously availing any pension benefit.Proof of Death of Deceased Person Burial SlipCourt OrderCremation SlipCertificate of local Pradhan / Authority of village / areaNursing Home / Hospital Report / Post Mortem ReportPolice Inquiry Report / FIR / DD EntryDeath Certificate. 
Self Declaration Form
Download the self declaration form PDF for Delhi pension scheme for women in distress using the below link.
http://www.wcddel.in/pdf/eDistrictRequiredDocumentWCD.pdf
The Widow Pension scheme assistance shall become payable from the next month of application approval. Under Delhi Pension Scheme to Women in Distress, the present number of ongoing Widow Pension beneficiaries is 179945.
Eligibility for Delhi Widow Pension Scheme
Any women who is applying for widow pension scheme must meet the following criteria
Women must be a resident of Delhi for at least 5 years.Women must be a widow with the proof of death of the deceased person.Should have a bank account linked with Aadhar numberShould have the residence proof of Delhi
Download Scheme Guidelines
Download the detailed notification / guidelines PDF of pension scheme for women in distress using the below link.
http://www.wcddel.in/pdf/DelhiPensionWomenDistressNotification.pdf
For more details, visit the official website edistrict.delhigovt.nic.in or the official website of Delhi Women & Child Development Department at wcddel.in.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G) has finally been launched by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in Agra on 20th November 2016. Under the PM Awas Yojana Gramin affordable housing scheme, central government aims to develop 3 Crore homes by the year 2022 in rural areas for poor families including BPL.
PMAY-G is the revamped version of Indira Awas Yojana which was renamed earlier this year with some pro-poor changes in the scheme. Housing units under the PMAY-G scheme are already being offered to the beneficiaries in rural areas across the country. Pradhan Mantri Narendra Modi also handed over the allotment letters to the beneficiaries during the launch event.
The minimum area of home under the new scheme has been increased to 25 Square meter (267 Square foot) from 20 Sq.Mt. in earlier scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Government has also released the scheme logo and a video

http://iay.nic.in/netiay/Video/PMAYGLaunch.mp4
The objective of the scheme is to provide homes to every Indian by the year 2022. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin will be implemented across the country except Delhi and Chandigarh. The immediate target of PMAY-G is to construct 1 Crore affordable homes in rural areas by the year 2018-19.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Financial Assistance Under PMAY-G
The central government would be providing a financial assistance of Rs. Rs. 120,000 in plain areas and Rs. 130,000 in eastern, hilly and IAP areas to the beneficiaries. Along with this, an additional Rs. 12000 will also be provided to build toilet to each beneficiary under the Swachch Bharat Mission. The beneficiaries will also be provided daily wages of up to 90-95 days (Rs. 18000) through MGNREGA.
Hence, the total financial assistance amount will be 1 Lakh 50 thousand for plain areas and 1 Lakh 60 thousand for eastern, hilly and IAP areas. Interested beneficiaries can also avail a loan of upto Rs. 70000 from any of the nationalized banks for the construction of home. 
Selection of beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin will be done on the basis of SECC-2011 data. The government has also launched AwaasApp for beneficiaries to know the status of their application, funding or share the progress of construction.
To know more about the PMAY-G, please visit the following links
IN ENGLISH: https://sarkariyojana.com/pradhan-mantri-awas-yojana-gramin/
IN HINDI: Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awas Yojana in Hindi
OR visit the official website at http://iay.nic.in
Video & Image Source and Credits: http://iay.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF

