
Goa government has revised the house loan assistance under Ashraya Adhar Scheme 2019 from Rs. 2 lakh to Rs. 5 lakh. Under this housing loan scheme, all the people from scheduled tribe (ST) category can avail Rs. 5 lakh as financial support in the form of loan @ 2% simple interest per annum for repair reconstruction / renovation of house. Now ST category applicants can download the format for affidavit and no objection certificate (NOC) to get assistance amount. 
Goa State Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation (GSSTFDCL) has notified the revised Ashraya Aadhar Scheme 2019. Any person belonging to the ST community having their own house (including mundcarial house) either owned individually or jointly will be eligible for financial support under this scheme.
Moreover if the house is owned jointly and there are different units in a family in a same house residing separately, then each unit would be eligible for financial assistance.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Ashraya Adhar Scheme 2019 (Revised) for STs
Under revised Ashraya Aadhar Scheme 2019, the amount of Rs. 5 lakh (previously Rs. 2 lakh) will be advanced in the form of loan at 2% interest rate per annum. The repayment period for assistance is 10 years which also includes moratorium period of 3 months to ST members. The age of the applicant must not exceed 55 years on the date of loan application. The age of applicant is relaxed upto 58 years in case of employee of state / central govt. / govt. corporation / board or aided institute.
Revised Ashraya Aadhar Scheme Affidavit & No-Objection Certificate
Below is the direct link to download the Affidavit and No Objection Certificate:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


The loan amount would be advanced in 2 phases – Rs. 3,75,000 immediately after sanctioning of loan and Rs. 1,25,000 on utilization of 1st installment certified by the valuer appointed by the corporation. Download link for Revised Ashraya Adhar Scheme 2019 in Goa is given below:-
https://www.goa.gov.in/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Ashraya-Adhar-Scheme-Detail.pdf
The affidavit is to be made on Rs. 20 Stamp Paper duly notarized in the format as shown below:-
Goa Ashraya Adhar Scheme 2019 Affidavit
The format of No Objection Certificate which is to be made on a Rs. 20 stamp paper duly notarized in the format shown below:-
Revised Goa Ashraya Adhar Scheme NOC

The net monthly income of the applicant must be in proportion of the EMI of the loan. The applicants will have to provide 2 guarantors who will guarantee loan payment in case the loanee fails to repay the loan amount. 
The corporation has also notified amendments of short term loan scheme for education, business, medical purpose. Under this scheme, govt. will provide financial assistance upto Rs. 1 lakh at 2% to any individual student as advance to meet the financial requirement urgently for education, business and medical purposes. 
Now the repayment period in respect to loan for education purpose is enhanced to 10 months to 20 months with a moratorium period of 3 months. Moreover repayment period for loans of business and medical purpose is 10 months with moratorium period of 3 months. Govt. provide sufficient time to settle the business and provide relief to the sick patients from obligation of repaying the loan immediately. Other clause of the scheme are still unchanged.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Apply for New Sim Card Under Goa Yuva Samwad YojanaApplication Forms for Goa Yuva Samwad YojanaDocuments RequiredEligibility Criteria
State Government of Goa has launched online portal for Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana, www.gysygoa.com is the official portal for detailed information about the scheme. The state government has launched the Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana on 5th December to provide free 3G internet and talktime to the youth of the state.
Apply for New Sim Card Under Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana
Below is the complete step by step procedure to apply for Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana

Application forms for Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana will be available free of cost at the Vodafone Stores/Vodafone Mini Stores across the state.
One eligible person will be given only one application form upon producing a Valid Identity proof.
The applicants will need to fill in the application form and attach all the required documents. Filled application forms has to be submitted to the nearest notified retailer outlet.
The applications so submitted will be digitized and authorized by the Government. All youth whose application is approved by the Government will receive the message on the Alternate mobile number provided on the form to come and collect their SIM at the selected Retailer Outlet.

Applications Start Date: 12 December 2016



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Application Forms for Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana
The application forms for the Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana may be collected from the following distribution outlets from 12th December, 2016.


Retailer Name
Retailer Address
Taluka


SHAMBHU TELECOM
Shop No.7, Shivani Arcade, C-Building, Opp. New Bagayatdar Bazaar, Bepquegal, Curchorem, Goa – 403706
Sanguem


MANGESH MUSIC SHOP
Baba Telecom,Nr Chawadi Chowk ,Opp Panchayat,Cancona, Goa-403702
Canacona


SAI ENTERPRISE
Umesh Plaza, Shop No .4, Main Road Bordem,
Opp. Corpoation Bank Bicholim, North Goa – 403504
Bicholim


YASHODA STORES
Mazal Vaddo, Tembi,Near Baskin Robins,Anjuna, Bardez, Goa – 403509-403509
Bardez


YOUR SELECT
Shop No. G-10,Trijaykant Building, Ground Floor,
Cocarro Circle,Porvorim, Goa -403501-403501
Bardez


ELLATH ENTERPRISES
Shop No.6, Chase International,Behind Lapaz Garden,Vasco Goa -403802
Mormugao


SAMEER SALES CORPORATION
Shop No G532/251 Don Domingos Residency Naika Waddo Calangute,
Bardez Goa -403516
Bardez


V-7 ENTERPRISES
Shop No.9, Pash beach arcade,Next to Maria hall, Benaulim Beach Road,Benaulim Goa -403716
Salcete


KAVYA ENTERPRISES
Shop No. F-4, H.No. 319, Daasha Classic 1st Floor,Quepem South Goa, Goa -403705
Sanguem


SIGMA RESOURCES
Shop No. G-6, Atharv Residency, Varcondem, Ponda, GOA – 403401
Ponda


SS ENTERPRISES
H.No.175-A/1, Fatima Manzil, Ground Floor,
Shop No.3,
Near M.E.S. College, Zuarinagar, GOA – 403726
Mormugao


KANKA COMMUNICATION
St.Annes Regency, Upper Ground Floor, Near Ponda Market-403401
Ponda


CITY CONNECT
Shop no 5,6,7,8  Karma empress building ground floor
vasco da gama 403802-403802
Mormugao


THE SERVICE FIRST
Reliance Trade Center, Ground Floor, Behind Grace Church, Opposite Banjara Hotel, Margaon-403601
Salcete


CITY POINT
B /Shop No 1,2,3, 4, grd floor, Campal Trade Centre, Behind Military Hospital, Dr. Briganza Pereira Road, Panjim,-403001
Tiswadi


CITY LINK SERVICES
Shop no 4, Communidade Ghor, Angod-403507
Bardez



Detailed list of application form collection centers is available at https://www.gysygoa.com/Schemes/Retailer.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Documents Required
Below are the self attested documents required to apply for Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana
1. Aadhar Card [Compulsory].
2. If address mentioned on the Aadhar Card is outside Goa then any one of the following documents can be submitted as Residence Proof: Voter ID/Driving License/Passport/Residence Certificate issued by Mamlatdar/Bonafide Certificate issued by School or College.
3. One passport size photograph.
Eligibility Criteria
The applicants should have an AADHAR card issued in the state of Goa only, i.e. the applicant should be a Goa Resident. The youth who attains the age of 16 years on or after 1st April 2016 or who is less than equal to 30 years as on Date of registration minus 6 months, may apply for the scheme.
www.gysygoa.com – Official Website of Goa Yuva Samwad Yojana
The interested applicants can visit gysygoa.com which is the official website of the scheme for more details.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


गोवा राशन कार्ड ऑनलाइन आवेदन पत्र भरें goa.gov.in पर और राशन कार्ड एप्लीकेशन फॉर्म PDF डाउनलोड करें, जरुरी दस्तावेजों की सूचि देखें और पात्रता जानें

Table of Contents

Application for Inclusion of Name in Ration Card GoaDocuments Required Ration Card GoaGoa Ration Card Types – APL / BPL / AAYEligibility Criteria for New Ration Card in GoaBenefits of Applying Online for Ration Card in Goa
Application for Inclusion of Name in Ration Card Goa | Documents Required Ration Card Goa | How to Apply for New Ration Card in Goa | Application Letter for Ration Card in Goa
Goa govt. is inviting Goa Ration Card online application form at goa.gov.in. People can now download Application Letter for Ration Card in Goa in PDF format at official website. All those people whose name does not appears in the Goa Ration Card List 2019 can now check documents required and how to apply for new ration card in Goa. Moreover, people can also track status of Application for Inclusion of Name in Ration Card Goa.
All the candidates can check the process of how to apply for ration card online in Goa by filling Annexure H pdf. In addition to this, people can perform Goa Ration Card Form PDF download and submit it to the concerned authorities to get their name included in the Goa Ration Card Data and thus in the new Ration Card List.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Rashan Card is an essential document issued by ePDS department in Goa to avail benefits of most of the state sponsored government schemes. Also, people can get rashan at subsidized rates through these ration cards from fair price shops (FPS) located nearby.
Application for Inclusion of Name in Ration Card Goa
Below is the complete process on how to apply for new ration card in Goa:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Step 1 – The applicant should apply on plain paper along with the prescribed Declaration Form (Annexure H) and required documents to the Mamlatdar of the concerned Taluka in Goa. The copy of the Declaration Form (Annexure H) can be downloaded using the link – How to Apply for New Ration Card in Goa which will appear as shown below:-
Application Letter for Ration Card in Goa
Step 2 – All the applicants are required to enclose their cancellation certificate which is to be obtained from the concerned Taluka Mamlatdar where earlier ration card was made. If the applicants finds it difficult to produce their cancellation certificate, then he / she can apply along with a photograph and an affidavit and their family members if any do not hold ration card in Goa or anywhere in India.
Step 3 – Finally, the application form shall be endorsed to the concerned Talathi for inquiry and report purposes.

Important – For detailed information on the ration card procedure, click at the link – How To Apply for Ration Card Online in Goa. The new ration card in Goa would be issued by the concerned authority to the applicant within 7 days from the date of application.
Documents Required Ration Card Goa
Here we are providing you the complete list of documents required while applying for a ration card in the state of Goa:-


Address Proof
Recent passport size photograph of family members


An affidavit to prove that applicant is not holding any ration card previously
Aadhar Card


Voter ID Card
Income Certificate


Driving License
Bank passbook details.


Goa Ration Card Types – APL / BPL / AAY
There are 3 kind of Ration Card which are currently existing in the state of Goa:-

APL Ration Card – Above Poverty Line (APL) type of ration cards are provided to those people which have an income of more than as specified in the poverty line index.
BPL Ration Card – Below Poverty Line (BPL) type of ration cards are issued to those families having annual income less than that specified in the poverty line index.
AAY Ration Cards – Antyodaya Anna Yojana Cards are provided to those families which satisfies certain special conditions. AAY cards allows a family to get the highest level of subsidy rates.

Eligibility Criteria for New Ration Card in Goa
To obtain a new ration card in Goa, the applicants must fulfill the following eligibility criteria:-
— All the applicants and their family member must be a permanent resident of Goa.
— The applicant must be at-least 18 years of age to apply online for new ration card in Goa.
— Each applicant should be the head of the family.
— Moreover, applicant must not possess ration card in any other state.
Benefits of Applying Online for Ration Card in Goa
Here are the following benefits of obtaining ration card in the Goa state:-
— Ration card in Goa enables people to purchase grains and fuel from Public Distribution System (PDS) shops at subsidized rates.
— Goa Ration Card can also get used as authoritative document such as driving licence, voter ID card and other reports.
— It could also be used as one of the documents to obtain death and birth certificate from the state government authorities.
Ration card is a legal document which every state government in India provides to residents to purchase subsidized food commodities such as wheat, rice, kerosene and LPG. The Department of Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs in Goa has the responsibility to issue ration card to its residents. Ration card can also serve as primary identity of a resident’s name, age, and nationality. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: goa.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Goa government has launched Coconut Subsidy Scheme for consumers. Subsequently, this government intervention scheme will reduce the prices of coconut and provide affordable nuts to consumers. Accordingly, Goa State Horticulture Ltd. (GSHCL) will provide subsidized coconuts to people at Rs. 20, Rs. 18 and Rs. 15 depending on their sizes.
The current prices of coconut lies between Rs. 30 and Rs. 50 on the basis of big, medium and small sized nuts. So, this scheme will provide coconuts to the people at wholesale rates. In addition to this, state govt. will bear the margin and transportation costs.
Under this scheme, one person can take 30 coconuts in one month (15 nuts at a time) through their LPG Card. Accordingly, all the coconuts will remain available at subsidized rates at all GSHCL outlets from 1 February 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Coconut Subsidy Scheme
The important features and details of this scheme are as follows:-

To tackle the price rise of coconuts with an increasing demand, govt. has started this intervention scheme.
Subsequently, people will get coconut at Rs. 20 (big sized), Rs. 18 (Medium Sized) and Rs. 15 (Small Sized) instead of Rs. 30 to Rs. 50 (current price).
GSHCL will implement this Coconut Subsidy Scheme and provide coconuts at wholesale rates. Moreover, govt. will also bear the transportation and margin costs.
Henceforth, people can avail this subsidy at GSHCL outlets near them. For this, people can show their LPG Card at these outlets. Distributors will fix a ration card sticker on the back of their LPG Card to keep a record of the scheme.
One person can avail 30 coconuts per month up to 15 nuts at a time.
Furthermore, Goa state govt. will provide minimum 1.5 lakh nuts at a single outlet to meet the ever increasing demand of coconuts.

The primary objective of this government intervention scheme is to provide coconuts to the people at affordable rates as coconut is a staple food. In addition to this, Goa government will run this initiative (pilot project) for two months. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Goa has launched Cyberage Scheme 2017-18 for the students of class XI. On the occasion of Children’s day, the government has distributed the laptops to the 11th class students who had applied for the scheme. The interested student can apply for the scheme by going to the official website at education.goa.gov.in.
This Cyberage Scheme is being implemented in the state since 2002 by the state education board. The students studying in Class XI in government aided and unaided Higher Secondary Schools can apply for this scheme. However, the application form for applying for the scheme is still open.
The interested and eligible student can download the application form of cyberage student scheme before 5 December 2017 (4:30 p.m) from the official website of Goa Education department at education.goa.gov.in.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Download Application Form of Cyberage Student Scheme
Below given are the steps to download the application form of the cyberage laptop distribution scheme

Visit the official website at education.goa.gov.in.
Now, click the “Orders and Circulars” link present on the homepage or directly click this link.
Students can apply according to their respective schools whether government aided or unaided higher Secondary schools.
On this page, students can read the instructions as per requirement of their school and download the attached Application Form.
Afterward, the student can take a printout of the application form and fill all the details in the application form.
After completing the application format along with the required document, submit it to the Directorate of Education, Planning Section, Computer Cell.

Below given is the direct link to download the application form with the instructions
Circular for Govt. / Govt. Aided Hr. Sec. Schools along with Application Form
Circular for Recognized Un-aided Hr. Sec. Schools along with Application Form


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Below is the format of Cyberage student scheme 2017-18 application form
Cyberage Student Scheme 2017-18 Application Form for Aided Hr. Sec. Schools
Since its launch, the Cyberage scheme has been utilized to make students more tech-savvy and preparing them for the competitive world. The students studying in the subjects including Arts, Commerce, Science and Vocational studies discipline can apply to take the benefit of the scheme.
Cyberage Scheme Application Form Fees & Eligibility Criteria
Registration fees for cyberage laptop distribution scheme and eligibility criteria is given below

The laptop will be given only to the students studying in class XI in govt. aided and un-aided Higher Secondary Schools.
The student should be admitted in the current academic year.
The students who already took the benefit of this scheme will not be eligible to apply.
The student can apply for the scheme by filling the application form through the name of their respective school authority to the Directorate of Education.
The application fees for govt. and govt. aided higher secondary schools is Rs. 1000.
The recognized un – aided higher secondary schools to have submitted Rs. 2000 as registration fees.

Moreover, the students must submit the required documents along with the application form to the Directorate of Education, Planning Section, Computer Cell latest by 5 December 2017 (4:30 evening). To get more information about the scheme visit the official website at education.goa.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


गोवा राशन कार्ड नयी लिस्ट (जिला वार) 2019-2020 डाउनलोड करें आधिकारिक वेबसाइट goacivilsupplies.gov.in पर, ऑनलाइन APL / BPL / NFSA परिवारों की राशन कार्ड सूची में अपना नाम खोजें

Table of Contents

Goa Ration Card List 2019-2020 (District Wise) Download OnlineHow to Download Goa Ration Card Application Forms OnlineWhat is the Eligibility Criteria for Goa Ration CardList of Documents Required for New Ration Card in GoaHow To Know Your Ration EntitlementAn Overview of Goa Ration CardKerala Ration Card – ePDS Helpline
Department of Civil Supplies has released the district wise Goa Ration Card List 2019-2020 online at goacivilsupplies.gov.in (गोवा राशन कार्ड सूची ऑनलाइन). All the citizens who had previously filled in Goa Ration Card Application Form for name inclusion can now check their name online in APL / BPL / NFSA Goa Ration Card List 2019-2020. People can also download the list of eligible National Food Security Act (NFSA) beneficiaries. EPDS Goa BPL / NFSA Ration Card New List 2020 is now available online.
Goa govt. has made new ration card list 2019-2020 public in order to make process of finding beneficiaries name in BPL ration card list easier. People can also find their name online in the EPDS Goa NFSA Ration Card List. People can now even find their name in the district wise ration card list for below poverty line (BPL) / Antyodaya beneficiaries.
NFSA / BPL Ration Card in Goa is an essential document for the APL / BPL people to take benefits of most govt. schemes. It is important to note that ration card holders only can purchase Ration at subsidized rates from Ration Shops located nearby. Moreover, ration card holders can only take benefits of National Food Security Scheme – NFSA (AAY + PHH).



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Ration Card List 2019-2020 (District Wise) Download Online
All the candidates who had previously applied for the new ration card now check their name in Goa New ration card list 2020 for NFSA beneficiaries. The district wise Goa Ration Card List 2019-2020 is available at the official website at goacivilsupplies.gov.in. Moreover, people can directly download the Ration Card New List through the link given below:-

At the homepage, click at the “Know Your Ration Card” or “FPS Wise Ration Card Details” link under ‘E-Citizen’ tab present in the main menu. Previously, the Goa ration card list district wise was available through the Know Your Ration Card (District Wise) link which is not present now. However, you can check the previous ration card list opening process here.
On clicking earlier Know your Ration Card (district wise) link, the district wise summary page of Goa Ration Card appear as shown below:-
Goa Ration Card List District Wise
At this page, people had to click at the “District Name” namely North Goa, South Goa to open the page as shown below:-
Goa New Ration Card List Taluka Wise
Here click at the “Taluka Name” to open the village wise summary of ration card in Goa as shown below:-
Goa BPL APL AAY Ration Card List Download
Here click at the “Village name” to open the FPS wise Goa Ration Card List Online as below:-
Goa Ration Card List Online FPS Wise
Here click at the “Unique RC ID” to open the EPDS Goa NFSA Ration Card List as below:-
EPDS Goa NFSA Ration Card List

People can even download and take a printout of Rashan Card and keep it for any future reference. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

How to Download Goa Ration Card Application Forms Online
Here is how you can download Goa Ration Cards online application forms:-
Visit the same official website at http://goacivilsupplies.gov.in/. Then click at the “Download Forms” link under ‘Quick Links‘ sections to open the application forms download page in Goa. 
Application Fees
There is no application form filling fee and there is no requirement to pay any fees while applying online for new ration card in Goa. However, applicants can collect their ration cards from the concerned authorities on making a payment of Rs. 5 per copy.
Timelines for Issuing Ration Card in Goa
All the applicants can submit the complete Goa Ration Card online application form and new ration cards would be issued within 15 days of submission of application. However in certain cases, 1 month time is required to issue a new ration card.
Linking of Aadhaar Card with Ration Card
People can now link their Unique Identification Number or Aadhaar Card with their ration card. This can be done online by visiting the official portal and then clicking at the “Link to UID” link.
What is the Eligibility Criteria for Goa Ration Card
All the applicants must meet the basic eligibility criteria to get a new ration card in Goa:-
a) Applicants who are permanent resident of Goa can apply.
b) Households not already having ration card in the state are eligible.
c) Newly married couples can apply for new ration card.
d) Citizens having temporary ration cards whose date has been expired are eligible.
It is important to note that the issue of new ration card in Goa would be based on the household income as well as economic conditions of the family.
List of Documents Required for New Ration Card in Goa
Below is the complete list of documents required to apply online for new ration card in Goa:-

Residential proof such as Voter ID, Driving License, Aadhaar Card (Scanned Copy)
Age Certificate (Scanned Copy)
Caste Certificate (Scanned Copy)
Identity Proof like Voter ID, PAN Card, Driving Licence, Aadhar Card (Scanned Copy)
Income proof of the family (Scanned Copy)
Recent Passport Size Photograph of the applicant
Valid Mobile Number / E-mail ID
Previous Electricity Bills
Bank Passbook
Gas Connection Details
Self Declaration and Certificate issued by Ward Councillor/ Pradhan
Tenancy Agreement (if applicable)

In case of non-possession of above mentioned documents, applications for new ration cards are liable to get rejected.
How To Know Your Ration Entitlement
People can now check their Goa Ration entitlement online at the same official website. At the homepage, scroll over the “E-Citizen” tab and then click at the “Know Your Ration Entitlement” link to open the page as shown below:-
Know Your Ration Entitlement Goa 
Here candidates can select allocation type, month, district, tfso, year, dfso, fps and click at “Search” button to know your entitlement of ration.
An Overview of Goa Ration Card
Here is an overview of Goa Ration Card which is mentioned in the table below:-


Service Type
Ration Card


State Name
Goa


Article Category
List / Status / Application Form


Concerned Department
Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs Department, Govt. of Goa


Applicable Year
2020


Types of Ration Cards
AAY, PHH


Mode of Checking Status / List / Application
Online


Official Portal
goacivilsupplies.gov.in


Kerala Ration Card – ePDS Helpline
Any state resident who need any kind of help about the ration card or ration distribution can contact the ePDS helpline number
Helpline number: 1967
Toll Free Number: 18002330022
Official Website: http://goacivilsupplies.gov.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: goacivilsupplies.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Goa Employment Exchange Online Registration & LoginGoa Labour and Employment Card (L& E Card)Goa Employment Exchange Helpline
Goa Employment Exchange has launched an online registration process at goaonline.gov.in to replace existing manual registration at employment exchange. This portal for youths will streamline the exercise of registration at state employment exchange. Goa Employment Exchange Portal online registration & login will also help in creating a database of unemployed as well as employed people in Goa. Govt. has also announced issuance of Labour and Employment Card (L&E Card).
Goa Employment Exchange L&E Card registration has been made compulsory for every job aspirant / unemployed in order to secure placement in govt. as well as quasi-government-institutions, statutory bodies like municipalities, panchayats etc. 
All the candidates who are already registered with the Goa employment exchange must now upgrade their details and get themselves registered online at goaonline.gov.in. It is also compulsory for the employers to get their every employee registered for the L&E Card.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Employment Exchange Online Registration & Login
Below is the complete procedure to make Goa employment exchange registration and login:-
Firstly visit the official website goaonline.gov.inAt the homepage, click at the “Register” option or can directly click this linkAfterwards, the Goa Employment Exchange Online Registration page will appear as follows:-
Goa Employment Exchange Online Registration
Here candidates can enter their e-mail ID and password and then submit the ‘OTP‘ to open the Goa Employment Exchange Portal Online Registration Form as shown below:-
Goa Employment Exchange Portal Online Registration Form
Here candidates can enter necessary details accurately and complete the ‘Registration / Signup’ process to proceed for Login.Next, candidates can make Goa Employment Exchange Portal Login to complete the online application process.
Goa Online MMP aims at electronic delivery of all public services at district and sub district level. At the initial level, 14 services have been identified of high volume citizen centric public services at district & Initially 14 services are identified of high volume citizen centric public services at district and sub-district level and these will be taken up for implementation.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Labour and Employment Card (L& E Card)
The online registration for Labour and Employment Card (L&E Card) at goaonline.gov.in will facilitate the state employment exchange to link the collected data to National Career System (NCS) and integrate it with the Aadhaar Card. L&E Card number is a unique identification number which would be generated through Goa Employment Exchange Online Portal.
L&E Card number will be maintained across the entire employment life span (employed and unemployed) of the citizens. This card will hold the complete employment status history of the candidates. The employment exchange portal online registration has no charges while each person who is making registration will have to get one time L&E card carrying an information chip by paying a sum of Rs. 75.
L&E Card would reflect the government schemes as availed by the owner of the card. These owners of the L&E card would be able to upgrade the information with regards to their bio data, resume, change in job / profile and change in skill sets. The employment exchange in Goa has mixed registration of around 1.21 lakh unemployed and employed individuals.
The fresh online registration at Goa Employment Exchange portal would result in more 7 lakh individuals making online registration. This includes around 5.50 lakh employed people and the rest unemployed ones. All the labour class workers covered under the building and other construction workers must also get themselves registered online with the state employment exchange portal.
The state govt. of Goa will provide tool kits to 10,000 such individuals undertaking their online registration with the state employment exchange. Goa govt. appeals to all village panchayats and municipalities to help employment exchanges in online registration of building and construction workers. Moreover, more kiosks and common service centers would also be setup for the purpose.
Goa Employment Exchange Helpline
In case of any query, all the candidates can contact the helpline number at +91-9225905914 b/w 10 a.m to 5.30 p.m.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Modified Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme 2019 – Complete Details1. Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme Online Application Form 20192. Goa Ladli Laxmi Scheme Eligibility / Income Limit ModifiedGoa Ladli Lakshmi Scheme Background
Goa government has issued a notification for the Modified Laadli Laxmi Scheme on 8th March 2019. The new eligibility condition for income limit of girl’s parents has been introduced. Under Ladli Lakshmi Scheme in Goa, the state govt. provides gift of Rs. 1 lakh to every gaon (village) girl on the occasion of their marriage. Interested brides (girls) or their parents can fill the Goa Ladli Laxmi Scheme Online Application Form to avail scheme benefits.
Laadli Laxmi Scheme in Goa is applicable to all the girls between 18 & 40 years of age. Laadli Lakshmi Scheme benefits could be availed by brides whose marriage registration has been done on 1 April 2012 or after. The state govt. will bear marriage expenses of all those brides whose marriage has been registered and falls in the above mentioned age group. 
The Ladli Laxmi Scheme benefits would be provided to each eligible girl in the state without taking into consideration about caste, creed, religion. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Modified Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme 2019 – Complete Details
Laadli Laxmi Scheme in Goa aims to erase the general perception that birth of a girl in the family is a burden on her parents which leads to a tendency of female foeticide. So to curb this menace, the state govt. has launched Ladli Laxmi Scheme. The complete details of the modified scheme are as follows:-
1. Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme Online Application Form 2019
All the interested girls or their parents can fill the Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme Online Application Form to avail the scheme benefits through the link given below:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme Application Procedure
The Goa Ladli Laxmi Scheme Online Application Form will appear as shown below:-
Goa Laadli Laxmi Scheme Online Application Form

2. Goa Ladli Laxmi Scheme Eligibility / Income Limit Modified
Previously, financial status of parents of the girls was not taken into account but as per the modified Laadli Laxmi Scheme guidelines, the income of the parents of the girls will be taken into account. The new condition states that the fixed annual income limit of girl’s parents must not exceed Rs. 8 lakh per annum. This condition is now made applicable to all the girls who are born either in the state or outside the state. 
Goa Ladli Lakshmi Scheme Background
Goa government has made amendment in the Laadli Laxmi Scheme to extend its benefit to the daughters of the state or central govt. employees. All the employees must produce their service certificate of 25 years issued by HOD (head of dept.). The beneficiary girl must be born in Goa and must have studied upto Class 10th in Goa.
The Laadli Lakshmi Scheme in Goa to give Rs. 1 lakh to girls above 18 years of age to meet their marriage expenses was firstly implemented in FY 2012. The main objective of Ladli Laxmi Scheme in Goa aims to empower girls to meet their educational and other expenses on attaining the 18 years of age. Furthermore, this scheme will improve the female sex ratio in the entire state of Goa.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: ladlilaxmi.weebly.com
SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Goa has launched a mobile application Jai Kisaan App for the welfare of farmers community. This app will help to collect the database of farmers along with other initiatives including soil testing, health cards of Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY). This application was designed by the Adventz youth for tomorrow talent-search fest that has been organized for school children. 
The Adventz group is a pollution free and no problem company over the last two decades. This company is focusing on ensuring that the Goa state becomes self-sufficient in horticulture by harnessing the potential of Goa. The chief minister of Goa has launched Jai Kisaan app as a part of the Digital India initiative.
Salient Feature of Jai Kisaan App
Below given the highlights and feature of this application.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


The farmer will get immense information regarding different crops according to the season.
The farmer can interact with the expert through the call and SMS by using the app.
In addition, farmers can place an order by using the app in case the product is available. However, farmers will also get the information about the product.
This app also provides the information regarding the Weather with upcoming 5 days forecast.
On the app, the farmer will get the information about the price of the commodities and Mandis in the state.
By using the app, farmers will get the fertilizer Calculator facility. They can set optimal cost for the need of fertilizers for targeted yields.
The farmer will also get the experiences of various other farmers on the usage of different Agri products.
Moreover, the farmer will get the access to non-agricultural fields like mobile security and financial services through the Jai Kissan app.

Below given the screenshot and link to Mobile Jai Kisaan App
Jai Kisaan App Features
Download Jai Kisaan App


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Jai Kisaan app is one stop solution for farmers that provides various information about cultivation, crop nutrition, crop protection, seeds etc. Through the app, the Adventz company will ensure responsibility and accountability for the inclusive growth of farmers.
Jai Kisaan app is free of cost service for the farmer’s community which provides necessary information about Agri-products, services, and technology.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state govt. of Goa has launched 2 new schemes – PM Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY) & Craft and Gear Scheme for fishermen. PMJJBY will provide insurance cover to the fishermen and crew against accidental death at sea. Craft and Gear Scheme will provide financial assistance on the purchase of tools for their trade.
PMJJBY is an insurance scheme to enhance the adoption of Life Insurance Cover by the citizens. Fishermen have more chances of accidental death either due to drowning, rough weather conditions and natural calamities. So, govt. will provide compensation of Rs. 2 lakh to the victim’s family.
Under Craft and Gear Scheme, govt. will provide subsidy ranging from 40% to 60% on the purchase of craft and gear as life support equipment.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for Fishermen
PM Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana is a one year Insurance Scheme being offered by LIC. Any fishermen is now eligible to fill the PMJJBY Application / Claim Form and can get Rs. 2 lakh as compensation amount in case of death of the fishermen.
However, the candidates must fulfill the eligibility criteria to become eligible to apply for PMJJBY:-
PMJJBY Eligibility Criteria for Fishermen


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


This scheme is applicable only for the fishermen who is already engaged in the occupation of fishing and other sea related activities.
All the fishermen between the age of 18 to 50 years can apply.
Applicants must be residing in Goa for the past 15 years or more.
Fishermen must be a member of any of the Fisheries co-operative societies.
Fishermen must submit his good health certificate and a self declaration that he is not suffering from any acute illness.
Moreover all the fishermen must possess an active savings bank account for the auto debit facility of the premium amount.

The annual premium of PMJJBY stands currently at Rs. 330. Out of this premium amount, 50% (Rs 165) will be borne by the Goa state government while the balance 50% will be borne by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). For more details, please see the – Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana Guidelines
Craft and Gear Scheme for Fishermen
The important features of Craft and Gear Scheme for fishermen are as follows:-

All the Traditional and Co-operative fishermen of general category will get 40% subsidy on purchase of craft and gear.
Fishermen from Scheduled Caste (SC), Scheduled Tribes (ST) category and women will get 60% subsidy for craft and gear.

Both these schemes are for the welfare of fishermen to make them self-reliant and self-dependent to earn their livelihood. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Directorate of Education (DoE) in Goa has submitted a Revised Cyberage Student Scheme to the state govt. for approval. Under this scheme, laptops which are provided to class 11th students will no longer be the property of the students. Rather these laptops are now property of schools where the students are enrolled in. Now those student beneficiaries who have received laptops under free laptop scheme in Goa will have to return the laptops to the schools on completion of their schooling.
Goa Revised Cyberage Student Scheme 2018-19 is presently awaiting approval from the state government. This revised free laptop scheme will save funds of government spent on the recurring expense of supplying every new batch with computers as the laptops can be reused by the next batch of students. 
CM Manohar Parrikar has made this announcement that cyberage scheme is being revised as the students were found misusing their laptops. Some students were selling laptops online which were received under the free laptop scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Revised Cyberage Student Scheme 2018-19
Cyberage scheme in Goa was introduced in FY 2002 by Manohar Parrikar during his 1st term in office. This was the first scheme across the country where laptops were being provided absolutely free to students of higher secondary schools and professional colleges. Later this scheme was upgraded to provide laptops to students. Till date, all the students in class XI are entitled to get free laptops. But it is proposed that class XI students of the academic year 2018-19 will receive laptops under the revised cyberage student scheme.
The implementation of new free laptop scheme may take some time as various revised scheme related details are yet to be finalised. This revised cyberage scheme 2018-19 would include the provisions for students liability if the laptop provided by the schools to him / her is damaged while in the possession of the students. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under the present cyberage scheme, laptop solely belongs to the students from the time it is allotted to the students, but it cannot be used for the initial years by the students for any commercial purpose.
Goa Revised Free Laptop Scheme 2018-19
Free laptop scheme 2018-19 will remain applicable to all the 11th class students from every stream either arts or science or commerce. All the candidates who wants to apply for the cyberage scheme to get free laptops needs to apply in the prescribed proforma which is to be released later.
References
— Goa Cyberage Student Scheme 2017-18 – View Details
— For more details, visit the official website – http://www.education.goa.gov.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Objective of Goa Yuva Samvad YojanaDetails of Goa Yuva Samvad YojanaApply for SIM Card under Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana
Goa Government has launched a new scheme named as Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana or Digit Youth Initiative Scheme from Monday, 5th December. The state government under the scheme will provide free 3G data and talktime to youth of the state.
Objective of Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana
The main objective of the ambitious Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana is to enable the youth to connect digitally and transform the state into a digitally empowered society. The scheme is a part of central government’s flagship Digital India initiative.
LATEST UPDATE: The scheme has been discontinued by state government from 30th June 2017



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

One of the largest cellular operator, Vodafone, will be the official partner for the implementation of the scheme in the state.
Details of Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana

Under the scheme, the state government would provide free 3GB 3G internet data and a talktime of 100 minutes per month.
New 3G enabled SIM cards will be issued for free to 1.25 Lakh youth between the age of 16 to 30 Years across the state.
If a candidate is found to be misusing the scheme benefits, services on his/her number will be discontinued.
The scheme will be implemented by the Goa Electronic Ltd.
The scheme will benefit only those between the age of 16-30 years and are eligible for the scheme as per the criteria.
The government will launch a portal where the notifications and information about the Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana will be provided.

Apply for SIM Card under Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana
The eligible applicants can apply for the new SIM card under the scheme by presenting their documents such as AADHAR card (mandatory) or the Voter ID card. Along with the application, the applicants also needed to provide at least one passport size photograph.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The exact procedure of application for Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana is not revealed yet, but expected soon since the scheme is officially launched.
Quick Details of Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana



Quick Facts
Detailed Information


Name of the Scheme
Goa Yuva Samvad Yojana


Launch Date
05 December 2016


Objective
Digitally Empower the Youth of the State


Beneficiaries of the scheme
1.25 Lakh Youth between age of 16-30 Years


What is provided under the scheme
Free 3GB 3G internet and 100 Minute talktime per month (Free SIM Card)


Official telecom operator partner
Vodafone


Implementing agency
Goa Electronics Ltd.


Scheme to remain active for
3 Years








(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Assam has introduced a new scheme named as “Matrutva Yojana” for the tribal couples who have not been able to conceive even after three year of marriage. The state government under the Matrutva Yojana would provide financial assistance of up to Rs. 5 lakh per married couple for fertility treatment.
Matrutva Yojana Objectives
The main objective of the scheme is to improve the birth rate among scheduled tribes (ST) in Goa. Under the scheme, the state government would provide financial assistance to carry out IVF (Invitro Fertilization).
The women belonging to ST community and who have not been able to conceive her first child even after three years of marriage would be issued financial assistance to receive the IVF treatment. The medical treatment under the scheme can be availed either from government hospitals or registered private hospitals/nursing homes in Goa.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Matrutva Yojana would cover all the medical treatment related expenses such as medicine, tonics, doctor’s fees, medical tests/examination and cost of any other treatment prescribed by the doctor. However, the maximum amount to be sanctioned is Rs. 5 Lakh. The benefit under the scheme would be given to help with the birth of only one surviving child. To cover medical examination/test and doctor’s fees, Rs. 25,000 would be given in advance.
Goa government would form a committee to implement the scheme which will also be responsible for sanction and approval of installments. Further installments would be released only after submission of bills for medication or payment of receipts.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

How to Avail for Matrutva Yojana Benefits
To avail the benefits of Matrutva Yojana, ST certificate of either husband or wife issued by a competent authority would be required. The couple would also be required to produce their marriage certificate along with a certificate from MBBS or higher qualification doctor stating that the applicant requires IVF/Advance treatment for fertility.
However, there is no limit on income of the applicant to be eligible for scheme benefits.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Goa govt. has raised incentives under Inter Caste Marriage Scheme by Rs. 1.5 lakh for registered couples. Any couple who is going to become married in which one of the spouse belongs to Scheduled Caste (SC) will now get Rs. 2.5 lakh as incentive. Previously, the state govt. was providing Rs. 1 lakh under Antar Jatiya Vivah Yojana (अंतरजातीय विवाह प्रोत्साहन योजना).
This encouragement amount would be given in order to promote the interest of people in marriage with a Dalit Girl / Boy. Moreover, the main focus is to put an end to caste system and bring social equality in the society. Only the couples who have registered their marriage would be able to take scheme benefits. 
Directorate of Social Welfare is going to implement this scheme. For this, every couple in which any one of spouse is Dalit will have to make claim for this amount at the concerned authority.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa Inter Caste Marriage Scheme for SC / Dalits
The important features and highlights of this Inter Caste Marriage Scheme in Goa are as follows:-

All the couples needs to have registered their marriage and lived together for at-least 1 year.
Eligible beneficiaries will get one time award. But this award cannot be claimed after more than 3 years of marriage.
The complete amount would be given to the couple in the form of fixed deposit in any nationalised bank.
This FD will have a Lock-In period of 3 years only after which it can be withdrawan under Scheme for Interest Caste Marriage
As per the designed scheme, main objective is to encourage inter-caste marriages in order to eradicate the evil of caste untouchability.

After the award is disbursed from fixed deposit to couple, they would have to submit a utilisation certificate for the amount within a period of 3 months. This scheme would also enable people belonging to economically weaker sections to settle in their initial phase of life.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Ujala LED bulb scheme, a LED bulb distribution scheme of central government has been launched by the Union Minister of Power Piyush Goyal on 16th June in Goa. Under the scheme, mass distribution of LED (Light Emitting Diode) bulbs at subsidized rates will be done in the state.
Under the Ujala LED Bulb Scheme in Goa, the residents will get 3 LED bulbs at Rs. 25 each in the first stage. Subsequently, each bulb can be purchased at Rs. 85, part of which can be paid in installments. The consumers will get 9 watt of LED bulbs under the scheme. The actual market price of the LED bulbs being distributed is Rs. 300-350.
The scheme of Ujala LED bulbs was launched by the minister while addressing a two-day conference on power and renewable energy Panaji. The government aims to distribute about 15 lakh LED bulbs affecting 5 Lakh households in the state in the first state of the scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The scheme will not only help cut power bills for the consumers but also help saving a lot of electricity for the nation. According to the minister, the Ujala scheme is a part of the dream of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to get 24×7 power for all. Ujala scheme in Goa is expected to save over 78 million KWH of power every year in the state and about Rs. 850-1,000 on annual electricity bills per household.
Read more at:
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/52785343.cms?utm_source=contentofinterest&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=cppst


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The government is ensuring that all the scheme related to energy conservation and production are being implemented successfully in a completely transparent manner.
Pradhan Mantri UJALA (Unnat Jyoti by Affordable LED for all) Yojana is a central government scheme under which LED bulbs are being provided to consumers at subsidized rates.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Goa Government is soon planning to invite applications under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana demand survey for providing affordable housing to the urban poor in the state. The state government is planning to launch the demand survey for PM Awas Yojana in association with Hyderabad based Regional Center of Urban and Environmental Studies (RCUES).
The Goa government has appointed Hyderabad RCUES for conducting survey and preparing the action plan and annual implementation plan for housing for all. The government would cover all 14 urban local bodies under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana demand survey.
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana demand survey will be carried out by the state government to know the exact number of houses to be built in the available land resources. The demand survey application forms will help state government identify the homeless families in the state.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Goa State Urban Development Agency in association with urban local bodies will prepare the action plan for implementing the housing for all scheme in the state. As per the report prepared by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, the total demand for urban housing in Goa is estimated at 60,000.
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Demand Survey Application Forms
The government is still working on the contours of the scheme and will come out the with the application process soon. It is not clear if the applications will be invited through online or offline mode. Once the demand survey is launched, the applications forms would be available either to be filled online or can be downloaded to take a print and submit offline.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The complete details about the Goa PMAY application forms would be available once the demand survey is launched.
Under the centrally sponsored “Housing for All by 2022” mission which is named as Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, the government is providing financial assistance to EWS, LIG and MIG categories under different components. The government is providing subsidy of up to Rs. 2.30 Lakh on home loans under PMAY for purchase of house or new construction or expansion.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY)DDSSY Card 2020 Online Application / RegistrationDDSSY Renewal at goaonline.gov.inDeen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana EligibilityList of Documents Required for EnrollmentDDSSY Procedures ListDDSSY List of Empanelled HospitalsCoverage under Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva YojanaDeen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Helpline
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) is a health insurance scheme launched by Goa Government on the Goa Statehood Day, 30 May 2016. The new health insurance scheme will benefit people residing in the state for 5 and more years.
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) is benefiting the residents of Goa state irrespective of their financial status. Goa is the first state to have a health insurance scheme which will benefit all residents of the state irrespective of their financial status. Any person residing in Goa for 5 and more years can enroll into the scheme.
The new registrations for DDSSY are open and the interested applicants can apply online for the scheme or by going to any of the designate centers along with the required documents. Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana 2020 renewals for the policy period of 1st September 2020 to 31st August 2021 are also open between 1st July to 31st August 2020 and can be renewed online at goaonline.gov.in.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY)
Under the Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY), a family of up to 3 members is being provided a health insurance cover of Rs. 2.5 Lakh while the family of 4 or more members are being provided a cover of 4 Lakh.
The annual installment of the insurance premium which is Rs. 3,206 per family will be paid by the Government to the insurance company. Health cards are being issued by the state government to all the approved applicants under the scheme which can be used to avail the insurance benefits at any of the empaneled private and government hospitals.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDSSY Card 2020 Online Application / Registration
Online Application for the Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Card can be done at any of the 17 DDSSY centers and 13 camps which are listed below.
List of DDSSY Centers for Registration / Application
Sr. No.DistrictTalukaKendra Location1North GoaBardezRoom No:03, 1st Floor, State Institute of Health & Family Welfare(SIHFW), Mapusa2North GoaBardezPrimary Health Centre, Candolim, Bardez- Goa3North GoaBicholimPimary Health Centre, Sanquelim- Goa4North GoaBicholimPrimary Health Centre, Bicholim- Goa5North GoaPernemCommunity Health Centre, Tuem, Pernem- Goa6North GoaSattariCommunity Health Centre, Valpoi, Sattari- Goa7North GoaTiswadiYatri Niwas- Goa Medical College, Bambolim- Goa8North GoaTiswadiUrban Health Centre, Near Department of Social Welfare, Panaji- Goa9South GoaCanconaCommunity Health Centre, Chavdi, Canacona- Goa10South GoaDharbandoraPrimary Health Centre, Usgao-Tisk, Dharbandora- Goa11South GoaMormugaoCottage Hospital, Chicalim, Vasco- Goa12South GoaPondaSub District Hospital, Ponda- Goa13South GoaQuepem1st floor, Old library building,near railway station,Curchorem,Goa14South GoaQuepemPrimary Health Centre, Quepem- Goa15South GoaSalceteUrban Health Centre, Opposite Hospicio Hospital, Margao- Goa16South GoaSalceteCollectorate- South Goa, Mathany Saldanha Administrative Complex, Margao- Goa17South GoaSanguemPrimary Health Centre, Sanguem- GoaList of DDSSY Centers
List of Camps for DDSSY Card Registration
Sr. No.TalukaCamp Location1BardezVillage Panchayat Colvale2BardezVillage Panchayat Nachinola3BardezVillage Panchayat Salvador do mundo4BicholimRural Medical Dispensary, opp Velguem Panchayat5PondaVillage Panchayat Bldg of Veling Priol Cuncolim, near Sateri Temple, Priol6PondaVillage Panchayat Kavlem7SalceteVillage Panchayat Benaulim8SalceteVillage Panchayat Curtorim9SalceteVillage Panchayat Nuvem10TiswadiVillage Panchayat Old Goa11TiswadiShramashakti Bhavan – Patto12TiswadiCommunity Centre, Village Panchayat Taleigao13TiswadiVillage Panchayat St. CruzList of Camps for DDSSY Registration
DDSSY Registration and Annual Renewal Charges
Rs. 200/- for family of 3 and lessRs. 300/- for family of 4 and above
A concession of 50% of the above registration and Annual Renewal charges shall be considered subject to appropriate documentations, as approved by Government of Goa, for the OBC category of non-creamy layer, SC/ST categories and Differently abled Head of family.
For re-issue of the Card – Rs. 100/- per re-issue.
DDSSY Renewal at goaonline.gov.in
Below is the complete step by step procedure of how to renew DDSSY Policy online at goaonline.gov.in
Register yourself on goaonline.gov.in and login by providing email id, mobile no, name, address and date of birth along with OTP authentication.On successful registration, login using credentials and validate your aadhar in the user profile.Click on Services Menu –> All Services –> DDSSY–> Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) – RenewalKindly note that you have to be a member in the DDSSY card to renew it. Non members cannot renew your card.Enter DDSSY Card No. and Search member detailsClick on generate OTP to send OTP to your registered mobile number and validate the OTPEnter (*) mandatory fields if its renewal with updation.Upload relevant documents if its renewal with updation.Pay relevant Fees by clicking proceed to pay.After payment note down the Acknowledgement Number for tracking purpose.Communication will be sent to the registered Mobile Number.
For DDSSY renewal related queries you can contact Helpline No: + 91 9370918481 / 0832-2438844 between 9:45 AM – 5:30 PM
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Eligibility
1) Any person residing in the State of Goa for 5 years or more is eligible for enrollment under DDSSY.“Family” of eligible person is defined as his/her Spouse and Unmarried children and Dependent Parent(s) / In-Laws (Incase eligible Family person is female). This Family unit cannot be split.
2) Central/State Government employees and their families covered under government medical reimbursement are not eligible under DDSSY.
List of Documents Required for Enrollment
Following Self attested photocopies of original documents to be attached along with the forms.
Aadhaar Card / Enrollment Acknowledgement Slip of every family member above age of 5 years. (Compulsory)Residence Proof of eligible person: ( All Documents issued minimum 5 years ago)PassportResidence Certificate (5 years residence in goa state)Voter IDDriving LicenseRation card to define a family.
DDSSY Procedures List
The complete list of DDSSY procedures can be accessed on the official website of DDSSY at ddssygoa.com using the below link.
DDSSY Procedure List: http://www.ddssygoa.com/ProcedureMaster.aspx?index=1
DDSSY Diagnostic Procedure List: http://www.ddssygoa.com/Diagnostic_Procedures_List.aspx?index=1
DDSSY List of Empanelled Hospitals
As on 6th August 2020, there are 49 hospitals empaneled under the scheme. The updated and latest complete list of empaneled hospitals under DDSSY can be found at this link.
Sr. No.DistrictHospital Name1South GoaApollo victor hospital2South GoaDr. A. G. Borkar Memorial, Borkar Nursing Home3North GoaCampal Clinic4North GoaChodankar Nursing Home And Research Centre5North GoaGauns Childcare Hospital, N. I. C. U & Premature Care Unit6South GoaGrace Intensive Cardiac Care Centre And General Hospital7North GoaHealthway Hospital Pvt. Ltd.8North GoaManipal Hospital9North GoaMenezes Polyclinic10South GoaNagarsenkar’s Classic Hospital11South GoaPai Hospital12North GoaRedkar Hospital & Research Centre13South GoaRoyal Hospital14South GoaSavaikar Clinic & Nursing Home15South GoaUsgaonker’s Children Hospital, Clinic and NICU16North GoaVision Multispeciality Hospital17North GoaGoa Medical College Hospital18North GoaNorth District Asilo Hospital19South GoaSubDistrict Hospital Ponda20South GoaHospicio Hospital21North GoaRG Stone Urology & Laparoscopy Hospital22BangaloreHealth Care Global Enterprises Ltd HCG Cancer Hospital23SangliWanless Hospital, Miraj Medical Centre Miraj24BelgaumKLES Dr. Prabhakar Kore Hospital & Medical Research Centre25BelgaumKLE Society’s Belgaum Cancer Hospital26South GoaMother Care Multi-Speciality Hospital27North GoaDhumaskar General Hospital28South GoaDr. Madkaiker’s City Hospital29North GoaMardolkar Hospital30South GoaOrthopaedic Hospital for Surgery31South GoaKCRC’s Horizon ICU & Hospital32South GoaMy Eye Hospital33South GoaDr. Gracias Maternity Hospital34South GoaA.V. DA Costa Memorial Clinic35South GoaAster Hospital36South GoaVishwa Sanjivani Health Centre37BangaloreAster CMI Hospital38MangaloreMangalore Institute of Oncology39BangaloreNarayana Hrudayalaya Limited40South GoaKamakshi Arogya Dham41South GoaAshirwad Urology & laparoscopy Hospital42North GoaHealthway Hospitals Old Goa43South GoaDr. Lawande’s Hospital & Medical Research Centre44North GoaMahatme Nursing Home45UdupiPrasad Netralaya Super Speciality Eye Hospital Udupi46South GoaSalgaocar Medical Research Centre’s V. M. Salgaocar Hospital47North GoaCommunity Health Centre Valpoi48KolhapurAthaayu Multispeciality Hospitals Ltd.49South GoaVaatsalya HospitalDDSSY List of Empaneled Hospitals
Coverage under Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana
The scheme will be applicable in all Government and private hospitals across the state. DDSSY will cover 447 types of investigations and related surgeries. The insurance policy will cover treatment, investigations and medications for about 276 types of diseases in the government hospitals. Hospitalization for treatment of 147 diseases in the private hospitals is also covered under the health insurance scheme.
The policy will cover hospitalization, medication as well as the cost of surgeries in government and empaneled private hospitals.
If the expenses go beyond the cover limits under the insurance scheme, which is applicable in all hospitals, government as well as private, the patient will have to take the further treatment in a government hospital.
Technical partner for providing the insurance cards is Goa Electronics Ltd (GEL) while the company which will provide the actual insurance cover is United India Insurance Company Ltd.
By launching this scheme, the government aims to lessen the burden on Goa Municipal Corporation. The scheme is also expected to lessen the burden on state residents and help them get better treatments.
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Helpline
The interested applicants can contact at the following details for any help or information regarding the DDSSYE-mail: dd[email protected]Helpline Number: 0832-2438844
More information about the scheme is available at its official website at http://www.ddssygoa.com





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY)DDSSY Card 2020 Online Application / RegistrationDDSSY Renewal at goaonline.gov.inDeen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana EligibilityList of Documents Required for EnrollmentDDSSY Procedures ListDDSSY List of Empanelled HospitalsCoverage under Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva YojanaDeen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Helpline
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) is a health insurance scheme launched by Goa Government on the Goa Statehood Day, 30 May 2016. The new health insurance scheme will benefit people residing in the state for 5 and more years.
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) is benefiting the residents of Goa state irrespective of their financial status. Goa is the first state to have a health insurance scheme which will benefit all residents of the state irrespective of their financial status. Any person residing in Goa for 5 and more years can enroll into the scheme.
The new registrations for DDSSY are open and the interested applicants can apply online for the scheme or by going to any of the designate centers along with the required documents. Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana 2020 renewals for the policy period of 1st September 2020 to 31st August 2021 are also open between 1st July to 31st August 2020 and can be renewed online at goaonline.gov.in.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY)
Under the Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY), a family of up to 3 members is being provided a health insurance cover of Rs. 2.5 Lakh while the family of 4 or more members are being provided a cover of 4 Lakh.
The annual installment of the insurance premium which is Rs. 3,206 per family will be paid by the Government to the insurance company. Health cards are being issued by the state government to all the approved applicants under the scheme which can be used to avail the insurance benefits at any of the empaneled private and government hospitals.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDSSY Card 2020 Online Application / Registration
Online Application for the Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Card can be done at any of the 17 DDSSY centers and 13 camps which are listed below.
List of DDSSY Centers for Registration / Application
Sr. No.DistrictTalukaKendra Location1North GoaBardezRoom No:03, 1st Floor, State Institute of Health & Family Welfare(SIHFW), Mapusa2North GoaBardezPrimary Health Centre, Candolim, Bardez- Goa3North GoaBicholimPimary Health Centre, Sanquelim- Goa4North GoaBicholimPrimary Health Centre, Bicholim- Goa5North GoaPernemCommunity Health Centre, Tuem, Pernem- Goa6North GoaSattariCommunity Health Centre, Valpoi, Sattari- Goa7North GoaTiswadiYatri Niwas- Goa Medical College, Bambolim- Goa8North GoaTiswadiUrban Health Centre, Near Department of Social Welfare, Panaji- Goa9South GoaCanconaCommunity Health Centre, Chavdi, Canacona- Goa10South GoaDharbandoraPrimary Health Centre, Usgao-Tisk, Dharbandora- Goa11South GoaMormugaoCottage Hospital, Chicalim, Vasco- Goa12South GoaPondaSub District Hospital, Ponda- Goa13South GoaQuepem1st floor, Old library building,near railway station,Curchorem,Goa14South GoaQuepemPrimary Health Centre, Quepem- Goa15South GoaSalceteUrban Health Centre, Opposite Hospicio Hospital, Margao- Goa16South GoaSalceteCollectorate- South Goa, Mathany Saldanha Administrative Complex, Margao- Goa17South GoaSanguemPrimary Health Centre, Sanguem- GoaList of DDSSY Centers
List of Camps for DDSSY Card Registration
Sr. No.TalukaCamp Location1BardezVillage Panchayat Colvale2BardezVillage Panchayat Nachinola3BardezVillage Panchayat Salvador do mundo4BicholimRural Medical Dispensary, opp Velguem Panchayat5PondaVillage Panchayat Bldg of Veling Priol Cuncolim, near Sateri Temple, Priol6PondaVillage Panchayat Kavlem7SalceteVillage Panchayat Benaulim8SalceteVillage Panchayat Curtorim9SalceteVillage Panchayat Nuvem10TiswadiVillage Panchayat Old Goa11TiswadiShramashakti Bhavan – Patto12TiswadiCommunity Centre, Village Panchayat Taleigao13TiswadiVillage Panchayat St. CruzList of Camps for DDSSY Registration
DDSSY Registration and Annual Renewal Charges
Rs. 200/- for family of 3 and lessRs. 300/- for family of 4 and above
A concession of 50% of the above registration and Annual Renewal charges shall be considered subject to appropriate documentations, as approved by Government of Goa, for the OBC category of non-creamy layer, SC/ST categories and Differently abled Head of family.
For re-issue of the Card – Rs. 100/- per re-issue.
DDSSY Renewal at goaonline.gov.in
Below is the complete step by step procedure of how to renew DDSSY Policy online at goaonline.gov.in
Register yourself on goaonline.gov.in and login by providing email id, mobile no, name, address and date of birth along with OTP authentication.On successful registration, login using credentials and validate your aadhar in the user profile.Click on Services Menu –> All Services –> DDSSY–> Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) – RenewalKindly note that you have to be a member in the DDSSY card to renew it. Non members cannot renew your card.Enter DDSSY Card No. and Search member detailsClick on generate OTP to send OTP to your registered mobile number and validate the OTPEnter (*) mandatory fields if its renewal with updation.Upload relevant documents if its renewal with updation.Pay relevant Fees by clicking proceed to pay.After payment note down the Acknowledgement Number for tracking purpose.Communication will be sent to the registered Mobile Number.
For DDSSY renewal related queries you can contact Helpline No: + 91 9370918481 / 0832-2438844 between 9:45 AM – 5:30 PM
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Eligibility
1) Any person residing in the State of Goa for 5 years or more is eligible for enrollment under DDSSY.“Family” of eligible person is defined as his/her Spouse and Unmarried children and Dependent Parent(s) / In-Laws (Incase eligible Family person is female). This Family unit cannot be split.
2) Central/State Government employees and their families covered under government medical reimbursement are not eligible under DDSSY.
List of Documents Required for Enrollment
Following Self attested photocopies of original documents to be attached along with the forms.
Aadhaar Card / Enrollment Acknowledgement Slip of every family member above age of 5 years. (Compulsory)Residence Proof of eligible person: ( All Documents issued minimum 5 years ago)PassportResidence Certificate (5 years residence in goa state)Voter IDDriving LicenseRation card to define a family.
DDSSY Procedures List
The complete list of DDSSY procedures can be accessed on the official website of DDSSY at ddssygoa.com using the below link.
DDSSY Procedure List: http://www.ddssygoa.com/ProcedureMaster.aspx?index=1
DDSSY Diagnostic Procedure List: http://www.ddssygoa.com/Diagnostic_Procedures_List.aspx?index=1
DDSSY List of Empanelled Hospitals
As on 6th August 2020, there are 49 hospitals empaneled under the scheme. The updated and latest complete list of empaneled hospitals under DDSSY can be found at this link.
Sr. No.DistrictHospital Name1South GoaApollo victor hospital2South GoaDr. A. G. Borkar Memorial, Borkar Nursing Home3North GoaCampal Clinic4North GoaChodankar Nursing Home And Research Centre5North GoaGauns Childcare Hospital, N. I. C. U & Premature Care Unit6South GoaGrace Intensive Cardiac Care Centre And General Hospital7North GoaHealthway Hospital Pvt. Ltd.8North GoaManipal Hospital9North GoaMenezes Polyclinic10South GoaNagarsenkar’s Classic Hospital11South GoaPai Hospital12North GoaRedkar Hospital & Research Centre13South GoaRoyal Hospital14South GoaSavaikar Clinic & Nursing Home15South GoaUsgaonker’s Children Hospital, Clinic and NICU16North GoaVision Multispeciality Hospital17North GoaGoa Medical College Hospital18North GoaNorth District Asilo Hospital19South GoaSubDistrict Hospital Ponda20South GoaHospicio Hospital21North GoaRG Stone Urology & Laparoscopy Hospital22BangaloreHealth Care Global Enterprises Ltd HCG Cancer Hospital23SangliWanless Hospital, Miraj Medical Centre Miraj24BelgaumKLES Dr. Prabhakar Kore Hospital & Medical Research Centre25BelgaumKLE Society’s Belgaum Cancer Hospital26South GoaMother Care Multi-Speciality Hospital27North GoaDhumaskar General Hospital28South GoaDr. Madkaiker’s City Hospital29North GoaMardolkar Hospital30South GoaOrthopaedic Hospital for Surgery31South GoaKCRC’s Horizon ICU & Hospital32South GoaMy Eye Hospital33South GoaDr. Gracias Maternity Hospital34South GoaA.V. DA Costa Memorial Clinic35South GoaAster Hospital36South GoaVishwa Sanjivani Health Centre37BangaloreAster CMI Hospital38MangaloreMangalore Institute of Oncology39BangaloreNarayana Hrudayalaya Limited40South GoaKamakshi Arogya Dham41South GoaAshirwad Urology & laparoscopy Hospital42North GoaHealthway Hospitals Old Goa43South GoaDr. Lawande’s Hospital & Medical Research Centre44North GoaMahatme Nursing Home45UdupiPrasad Netralaya Super Speciality Eye Hospital Udupi46South GoaSalgaocar Medical Research Centre’s V. M. Salgaocar Hospital47North GoaCommunity Health Centre Valpoi48KolhapurAthaayu Multispeciality Hospitals Ltd.49South GoaVaatsalya HospitalDDSSY List of Empaneled Hospitals
Coverage under Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana
The scheme will be applicable in all Government and private hospitals across the state. DDSSY will cover 447 types of investigations and related surgeries. The insurance policy will cover treatment, investigations and medications for about 276 types of diseases in the government hospitals. Hospitalization for treatment of 147 diseases in the private hospitals is also covered under the health insurance scheme.
The policy will cover hospitalization, medication as well as the cost of surgeries in government and empaneled private hospitals.
If the expenses go beyond the cover limits under the insurance scheme, which is applicable in all hospitals, government as well as private, the patient will have to take the further treatment in a government hospital.
Technical partner for providing the insurance cards is Goa Electronics Ltd (GEL) while the company which will provide the actual insurance cover is United India Insurance Company Ltd.
By launching this scheme, the government aims to lessen the burden on Goa Municipal Corporation. The scheme is also expected to lessen the burden on state residents and help them get better treatments.
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Helpline
The interested applicants can contact at the following details for any help or information regarding the DDSSYE-mail: [email protected]Helpline Number: 0832-2438844
More information about the scheme is available at its official website at http://www.ddssygoa.com





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The derailed Atal Adarsh Gram Vikas Yojana is all set to be back on track soon as per the announcement made by the Chief minister Laxmikant Parsekar. Under the scheme Netravali village in remote Sanguem was selected to be developed into a model village.
The chief minister was inaugurating the Netravali Mahotsav recently when he made announcement for successful implementation of the Atal Adarsh Gram Vikas Yojana. After successful completion of the project in Netravali village, the scheme will be implemented in other villages by turn. 
The scheme execution was neglected leading to its derailment but CM assured that the scheme will soon be revived. The state government will now take on board all villagers and stakeholders to ensure that the project achieves the desired level of success.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Several other ministers were also present at the event. At the concluding ceremony of the 3-day festival, South Goa MP Narendra Sawaikar, urged the villagers to cooperate with the authorities in making Netravali a model village.
Netravali village was selected by the government for developing it into a model self-sufficient village with a focus on community participation under the central government’s Atal Adarsh Gram Yojana. Launched with much fanfare in 2013 and touted as the pet project of then chief minister Manohar Parrikar, it got grounded after facing some teething problems.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना 2019-2020 ऑनलाइन पंजीकरण और आवेदन प्रधामंत्री आवास योजना की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट pmaymis.gov.in पर उपलब्ध हैं। जानें प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना के फायदे, पात्रता और अन्य जानकारी

Table of Contents

PM Awas Yojana Online Application Forms 2020PMAY EligibilityTake Printout of Online Application Form of PMAYPMAY Online Application Edit/Change/Update
pmaymis.gov.in – PMAY Online Application Forms 2020 | PMAY Online Registration CSC | Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Online Application Form 2020
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 2020 online application forms are being accepted through the official website of PM Awas Yojana at pmaymis.gov.in. The online application process for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is very simple and here we will guide you on how to fill online application forms for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 2019-2020 through pmaymis.gov.in.
The online registration process for PM Awas Yojana is very simple, you just need to make sure that you are entering the correct information. If you are eligible to apply for PMAY, you can follow the below step by step PMAY online application procedure along with screenshots.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

LATEST UPDATE: Online applications for the PM Awas Yojana have been started again after the general elections 2019. Below is the complete procedure to apply online for PMAY-U.
The central government has recently extended the timeline to avail the interest subsidy on home loans under CLSS component of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban by 15 Months. However the PMAY Last Date has been extended for the MIG applicants only.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM Awas Yojana Online Application Forms 2020
Below is the complete step by step procedure to apply online for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban through the official website.
STEP 1: Open the official website of PMAY at pmaymis.gov.in and select one of the two options of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana application from “Citizen Assessment” menu, as given in the below screenshot.
PMAY HFA Urban Online Registration
You have to select one of the two links as per the following criteria
– If you are currently living in slum area, then select “For Slum Dwellers” otherwise select “Benefits under other 3 Components” from the drop down menu.
OR You can directly click the following links to apply online for PMAY
For Slum Dwellers: https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Check_Aadhar_Existence.aspx?comp=a
For benefits under other 3 Components: https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Check_Aadhar_Existence.aspx?comp=b
STEP 2: On the next page as seen below, you will have to enter your Aadhar number or Virtual ID and Name as per Aadhar Card and click the “Check” button.
PMAY Urban Apply Online Aadhaar Virtual ID Name
STEP 3: If your Aadhar number is correct, a new page will open which will look like the below image. If your Aadhar number is incorrect, try again by entering your correct Aadhar number. If you do not have Aadhar number, you will not be able to apply for PMAY.
PMAY Online Application Form | Source: pmaymis.gov.in
STEP 4: Fill the details correctly including your personal details, contact details, current residential address, Aadhar Number, Bank Account details and income details in the application form.
STEP 5: Click the checkbox which says “I am aware of….” and then click the “Save” Button at the end of application form.
PMAY Online Application Form Submit | Source: pmaymis.gov.in
STEP 6: Once you click “Save”, you will see a new screen where a system generated application number will be given to you, you can either print this directly if a printer is attached with your computer or save it for your future reference.
Your application is now complete. You can track status of PMAY application on the same website at pmaymis.gov.in.
PMAY Eligibility
Before applying for PM Awas Yojana online, please make sure that
– You are eligible to apply for the scheme (Check your name in the PMAY beneficiary list).
– You have your Aadhar Number with you, Aadhar is mandatory for PMAY online application.
– Your computer is connected to a reliable internet connection.
– You have the details of your saving bank account with you.
– You have the actual details of your household income.
Eligibility PM Awas Yojana
Take Printout of Online Application Form of PMAY
You can take a printout of the PMAY online application form filled by you by entering your name, father name & ID type or just the application number. Click the link below to take print out of PMAY application form.
https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Print_Application_By_applicationNo.aspx
The PMAY HFA Urban print assessment form page by application number will appear as shown below:-
PMAY Urban Online Application Form Print Name Mobile No.
People can also take printout of their PMAY Urban application form online through assessment ID which will appear as below:-
PMAY Urban Online Application Form Print Assessment ID
PMAY Online Application Edit/Change/Update
After submission of online application form on pmaymis.gov.in, you can also edit the details just by entering your application number and Aadhar number. The facility has been provided to the applicants in case they entered any detail incorrectly or wish to change their contact details.
PMAY Urban Apply Online Form Edit Update
To change or update the information of your PMAY application, please visit this link.
https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Format_A_B_Edit.aspx
Online applications for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana are also being invited through Common Service Centers, to know the procedure to apply through CSC, please follow the links below
IN ENGLISH: Apply Online for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban) through CSC 
IN HINDI: प्रधान मंत्री आवास योजना के लिए ऑनलाइन आवेदन कैसे करें – पूरी जानकारी
NOTE: These applications for PMAY are being invited by Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation for assessment purpose, the final approval to the application would be given by State Government / Urban Local Body.
See PM Awas Yojana List of Beneficiaries 2020
IMAGE CREDITS AND SOURCE: pmaymis.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

BPL List (Till 2020-2021) Based on (SECC-2011) NREGA Data1. Based On Inclusion & Exclusion in NREGA SchemeState Wise BPL List Download – Find Your NameMGNREGA Convergent Planning ListSECC-2011 Data Summary – Deprivation Households Data
If you are looking to check your name in the BPL list upto 2020-2021 to avail benefits of social welfare schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Gramin), PM Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY), PM Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana (Saubhagya) or any other, you are at the right place. The selection of beneficiaries for may social welfare schemes is done on the basis of BPL households in the state/country.
The inclusion or exclusion of a family in the BPL list is already decided in the Socio-Economic Caste Census-2011 data and the complete state wise list of BPL households can be downloaded from the respective websites of state departments. The BPL list is is must for those who are looking to enroll themselves for availing the benefits of welfare schemes in 2019-2020, especially designed for the BPL families.
The complete state wise list of BPL families / households / candidates can be seen at the official websites of state government departments or in SECC-2011 data. Other than the BPL list, government may decide few other parameters for the selection of beneficiaries for various schemes. It is important to note that there is no proper BPL List 2020-21 which is publicly available, as the list is a part of Socio-Economic Cast Census Data – 2011.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

BPL List (Till 2020-2021) Based on (SECC-2011) NREGA Data
People can check their name in the BPL list through any of the 2 methods described below:-
1. Based On Inclusion & Exclusion in NREGA Scheme
In Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA Scheme), under this scheme most of the BPL households are covered / included, hence, you one can check name in BPL list by looking at the list of NREGA job cards at its official website. For checking name in the all India final BPL list, based on NREGA job cards list, below is the complete procedure:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 1: To download the BPL List from SECC 2011 Data (based on MGNREGA data), candidates can directly click this link – https://nrega.nic.in/.
All India BPL List Based on NREGA
STEP 2: To check your name in the IPPE2 final BPL list, candidates can click the “State Name” to reach to the next page which will be displayed as below. 
Find Name in NREGA BPL List
STEP 3: On this screen, users have to select the financial year (Up to 2020-2021), district, block, panchayat and then click on the “Proceed” button which will take you to the list of NREGA job cards (Almost all of those belongs to the BPL families).
On the next page, you will see the complete list of all NREGA Job Cards or the most of the BPL candidates as shown below.
BPL List Based on NREGA
STEP 5: Finally, candidates can click the “Job Card Number / जॉब कार्ड संख्या” to check the complete details of that particular candidate.
However, there is no option to download this IPPE2 SECC list / BPL list file in MS Excel or PDF format. Moreover, candidates can print it also using “Print” command in Windows (ctrl+P). If any person belonging to BPL category is able to find their name in the downloaded SECC 2011 data list (All India Final BPL List 2020-2021), then person would be eligible to avail benefits of various govt. schemes.
Candidates can can press ctrl+F buttons to open the find dialog and search their name in the BPL list based on NREGA upto 2020-2021. If there are multiple entries with the same name, then match it with the address, name of parents and other details.
State Wise BPL List Download – Find Your Name
BPL list based on SECC Data 2011 or later inclusions can also be found in the BPL ration card list which is available for all the 35 states and UTs and can be checked through the respective state/UT department website’s links given below. All the candidates can find their name in the Gram Panchayat Wise BPL Suchi 2020-21.
Name of StateTotal HouseholdsLinkBPL List for 28 States (NREGA Job Cards)Andhra Pradesh1,22,70,164View ListArunachal Pradesh2,60,217View ListAssam64,27,614View ListBihar2,00,74,242View ListChhattisgarh57,14,798View ListGoa3,02,950View ListGujarat1,16,29,409View ListHaryana46,30,959View ListHimachal Pradesh14,27,365View ListJammu and Kashmir20,94,081View ListJharkhand60,41,931View ListKarnataka1,31,39,063View ListKerala76,98,556View ListMadhya Pradesh1,47,23,864View ListMaharashtra2,29,62,600View ListManipur5,78,939View ListMeghalaya5,54,131View ListMizoram2,26,147View ListNagaland3,79,164View ListOdisha99,42,101View ListPunjab50,32,199View ListRajasthan1,31,36,591View ListSikkim1,20,014View ListTamil Nadu1,75,21,956View ListTripura8,75,621View ListUttarakhand19,68,773View ListUttar Pradesh3,24,75,784View ListWest Bengal2,03,67,144View ListUnion Territories BPL List (NREGA Job Cards)Andaman & Nicobar Islands92,717View ListChandigarh2,14,233View ListDadra & Nagar Haveli66,571View ListDaman & Diu44,968View ListNCT of Delhi33,91,313View ListLakshadweep10,929View ListPuducherry2,79,857NA
Telangana is a new state which got separated from Andhra Pradesh after FY 2011, so BPL List of Telangana People is not present separately. People of Telangana state can check their name by selecting their district in the Andhra Pradesh BPL List.
MGNREGA Convergent Planning List
All the people can also check their name in the MGNREGA convergent planning list. This list is prepared by the central govt. after inclusion of National Rural livelihood Mission (NRLM), Indira Awas Yojana (IAY), Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY) and National Social Assistance Programme (NSAP) beneficiaries. The MGNREGA Convergent Planning list can be accessed through the link:-
http://mnregaweb4.nic.in/The MGNREGA Convergent Planning List will appear as shown below:-
MGNREGA Convergent Planning List SECC 2011 Data
Here candidates can select the State, District, Tehsil / Taluk, Gram Panchayat and click at “Submit” button to open the MGNREGA Convergent Planning Households List as shown below:-
MGNREGA Convergent Planning Households List
This list would contain the SECC TIN Number, district, tehsil / taluk, block, gram panchayat, village name, household size, age, gender, social category and job card details.
SECC-2011 Data Summary – Deprivation Households Data
People can check SECC 2011 Data Summary at the official website – secc.gov.in and the entire summary report can be checked at the link below:-http://secc.gov.in/statewiseSeccDataSummaryReport?reportType=SECC%20Data%20Summary#
Click at the option of “Save Report” to save the entire SECC-2011 data report in “Microsoft Office Excel Worksheet” file. Candidates can even check the zone wise list which comprises of the type of households, gender, disability, education, caste, income and employment profile along with assets and land ownership. In addition, category wise list is available for SC / ST / Female / Disabled and other category people. All the displayed data is on the basis of income source, salaried jobs, house type, exclusion, inclusion and deprivation.
The total number of households belonging to Below Poverty Line (BPL) which is an economic benchmark in India stands at about 107.4 million (10.74 crore) in 2011 as per the official data.
Candidates can also check SECC Family Member Details to get Socio Economic Caste Census (SECC) family member details.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY)DDSSY Card 2020 Online Application / RegistrationDDSSY Renewal at goaonline.gov.inDeen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana EligibilityList of Documents Required for EnrollmentDDSSY Procedures ListDDSSY List of Empanelled HospitalsCoverage under Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva YojanaDeen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Helpline
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) is a health insurance scheme launched by Goa Government on the Goa Statehood Day, 30 May 2016. The new health insurance scheme will benefit people residing in the state for 5 and more years.
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) is benefiting the residents of Goa state irrespective of their financial status. Goa is the first state to have a health insurance scheme which will benefit all residents of the state irrespective of their financial status. Any person residing in Goa for 5 and more years can enroll into the scheme.
The new registrations for DDSSY are open and the interested applicants can apply online for the scheme or by going to any of the designate centers along with the required documents. Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana 2020 renewals for the policy period of 1st September 2020 to 31st August 2021 are also open between 1st July to 31st August 2020 and can be renewed online at goaonline.gov.in.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY)
Under the Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY), a family of up to 3 members is being provided a health insurance cover of Rs. 2.5 Lakh while the family of 4 or more members are being provided a cover of 4 Lakh.
The annual installment of the insurance premium which is Rs. 3,206 per family will be paid by the Government to the insurance company. Health cards are being issued by the state government to all the approved applicants under the scheme which can be used to avail the insurance benefits at any of the empaneled private and government hospitals.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

DDSSY Card 2020 Online Application / Registration
Online Application for the Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Card can be done at any of the 17 DDSSY centers and 13 camps which are listed below.
List of DDSSY Centers for Registration / Application
Sr. No.DistrictTalukaKendra Location1North GoaBardezRoom No:03, 1st Floor, State Institute of Health & Family Welfare(SIHFW), Mapusa2North GoaBardezPrimary Health Centre, Candolim, Bardez- Goa3North GoaBicholimPimary Health Centre, Sanquelim- Goa4North GoaBicholimPrimary Health Centre, Bicholim- Goa5North GoaPernemCommunity Health Centre, Tuem, Pernem- Goa6North GoaSattariCommunity Health Centre, Valpoi, Sattari- Goa7North GoaTiswadiYatri Niwas- Goa Medical College, Bambolim- Goa8North GoaTiswadiUrban Health Centre, Near Department of Social Welfare, Panaji- Goa9South GoaCanconaCommunity Health Centre, Chavdi, Canacona- Goa10South GoaDharbandoraPrimary Health Centre, Usgao-Tisk, Dharbandora- Goa11South GoaMormugaoCottage Hospital, Chicalim, Vasco- Goa12South GoaPondaSub District Hospital, Ponda- Goa13South GoaQuepem1st floor, Old library building,near railway station,Curchorem,Goa14South GoaQuepemPrimary Health Centre, Quepem- Goa15South GoaSalceteUrban Health Centre, Opposite Hospicio Hospital, Margao- Goa16South GoaSalceteCollectorate- South Goa, Mathany Saldanha Administrative Complex, Margao- Goa17South GoaSanguemPrimary Health Centre, Sanguem- GoaList of DDSSY Centers
List of Camps for DDSSY Card Registration
Sr. No.TalukaCamp Location1BardezVillage Panchayat Colvale2BardezVillage Panchayat Nachinola3BardezVillage Panchayat Salvador do mundo4BicholimRural Medical Dispensary, opp Velguem Panchayat5PondaVillage Panchayat Bldg of Veling Priol Cuncolim, near Sateri Temple, Priol6PondaVillage Panchayat Kavlem7SalceteVillage Panchayat Benaulim8SalceteVillage Panchayat Curtorim9SalceteVillage Panchayat Nuvem10TiswadiVillage Panchayat Old Goa11TiswadiShramashakti Bhavan – Patto12TiswadiCommunity Centre, Village Panchayat Taleigao13TiswadiVillage Panchayat St. CruzList of Camps for DDSSY Registration
DDSSY Registration and Annual Renewal Charges
Rs. 200/- for family of 3 and lessRs. 300/- for family of 4 and above
A concession of 50% of the above registration and Annual Renewal charges shall be considered subject to appropriate documentations, as approved by Government of Goa, for the OBC category of non-creamy layer, SC/ST categories and Differently abled Head of family.
For re-issue of the Card – Rs. 100/- per re-issue.
DDSSY Renewal at goaonline.gov.in
Below is the complete step by step procedure of how to renew DDSSY Policy online at goaonline.gov.in
Register yourself on goaonline.gov.in and login by providing email id, mobile no, name, address and date of birth along with OTP authentication.On successful registration, login using credentials and validate your aadhar in the user profile.Click on Services Menu –> All Services –> DDSSY–> Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana (DDSSY) – RenewalKindly note that you have to be a member in the DDSSY card to renew it. Non members cannot renew your card.Enter DDSSY Card No. and Search member detailsClick on generate OTP to send OTP to your registered mobile number and validate the OTPEnter (*) mandatory fields if its renewal with updation.Upload relevant documents if its renewal with updation.Pay relevant Fees by clicking proceed to pay.After payment note down the Acknowledgement Number for tracking purpose.Communication will be sent to the registered Mobile Number.
For DDSSY renewal related queries you can contact Helpline No: + 91 9370918481 / 0832-2438844 between 9:45 AM – 5:30 PM
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Eligibility
1) Any person residing in the State of Goa for 5 years or more is eligible for enrollment under DDSSY.“Family” of eligible person is defined as his/her Spouse and Unmarried children and Dependent Parent(s) / In-Laws (Incase eligible Family person is female). This Family unit cannot be split.
2) Central/State Government employees and their families covered under government medical reimbursement are not eligible under DDSSY.
List of Documents Required for Enrollment
Following Self attested photocopies of original documents to be attached along with the forms.
Aadhaar Card / Enrollment Acknowledgement Slip of every family member above age of 5 years. (Compulsory)Residence Proof of eligible person: ( All Documents issued minimum 5 years ago)PassportResidence Certificate (5 years residence in goa state)Voter IDDriving LicenseRation card to define a family.
DDSSY Procedures List
The complete list of DDSSY procedures can be accessed on the official website of DDSSY at ddssygoa.com using the below link.
DDSSY Procedure List: http://www.ddssygoa.com/ProcedureMaster.aspx?index=1
DDSSY Diagnostic Procedure List: http://www.ddssygoa.com/Diagnostic_Procedures_List.aspx?index=1
DDSSY List of Empanelled Hospitals
As on 6th August 2020, there are 49 hospitals empaneled under the scheme. The updated and latest complete list of empaneled hospitals under DDSSY can be found at this link.
Sr. No.DistrictHospital Name1South GoaApollo victor hospital2South GoaDr. A. G. Borkar Memorial, Borkar Nursing Home3North GoaCampal Clinic4North GoaChodankar Nursing Home And Research Centre5North GoaGauns Childcare Hospital, N. I. C. U & Premature Care Unit6South GoaGrace Intensive Cardiac Care Centre And General Hospital7North GoaHealthway Hospital Pvt. Ltd.8North GoaManipal Hospital9North GoaMenezes Polyclinic10South GoaNagarsenkar’s Classic Hospital11South GoaPai Hospital12North GoaRedkar Hospital & Research Centre13South GoaRoyal Hospital14South GoaSavaikar Clinic & Nursing Home15South GoaUsgaonker’s Children Hospital, Clinic and NICU16North GoaVision Multispeciality Hospital17North GoaGoa Medical College Hospital18North GoaNorth District Asilo Hospital19South GoaSubDistrict Hospital Ponda20South GoaHospicio Hospital21North GoaRG Stone Urology & Laparoscopy Hospital22BangaloreHealth Care Global Enterprises Ltd HCG Cancer Hospital23SangliWanless Hospital, Miraj Medical Centre Miraj24BelgaumKLES Dr. Prabhakar Kore Hospital & Medical Research Centre25BelgaumKLE Society’s Belgaum Cancer Hospital26South GoaMother Care Multi-Speciality Hospital27North GoaDhumaskar General Hospital28South GoaDr. Madkaiker’s City Hospital29North GoaMardolkar Hospital30South GoaOrthopaedic Hospital for Surgery31South GoaKCRC’s Horizon ICU & Hospital32South GoaMy Eye Hospital33South GoaDr. Gracias Maternity Hospital34South GoaA.V. DA Costa Memorial Clinic35South GoaAster Hospital36South GoaVishwa Sanjivani Health Centre37BangaloreAster CMI Hospital38MangaloreMangalore Institute of Oncology39BangaloreNarayana Hrudayalaya Limited40South GoaKamakshi Arogya Dham41South GoaAshirwad Urology & laparoscopy Hospital42North GoaHealthway Hospitals Old Goa43South GoaDr. Lawande’s Hospital & Medical Research Centre44North GoaMahatme Nursing Home45UdupiPrasad Netralaya Super Speciality Eye Hospital Udupi46South GoaSalgaocar Medical Research Centre’s V. M. Salgaocar Hospital47North GoaCommunity Health Centre Valpoi48KolhapurAthaayu Multispeciality Hospitals Ltd.49South GoaVaatsalya HospitalDDSSY List of Empaneled Hospitals
Coverage under Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana
The scheme will be applicable in all Government and private hospitals across the state. DDSSY will cover 447 types of investigations and related surgeries. The insurance policy will cover treatment, investigations and medications for about 276 types of diseases in the government hospitals. Hospitalization for treatment of 147 diseases in the private hospitals is also covered under the health insurance scheme.
The policy will cover hospitalization, medication as well as the cost of surgeries in government and empaneled private hospitals.
If the expenses go beyond the cover limits under the insurance scheme, which is applicable in all hospitals, government as well as private, the patient will have to take the further treatment in a government hospital.
Technical partner for providing the insurance cards is Goa Electronics Ltd (GEL) while the company which will provide the actual insurance cover is United India Insurance Company Ltd.
By launching this scheme, the government aims to lessen the burden on Goa Municipal Corporation. The scheme is also expected to lessen the burden on state residents and help them get better treatments.
Deen Dayal Swasthya Seva Yojana Helpline
The interested applicants can contact at the following details for any help or information regarding the DDSSYE-mail: [email protected]Helpline Number: 0832-2438844
More information about the scheme is available at its official website at http://www.ddssygoa.com





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G) has finally been launched by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in Agra on 20th November 2016. Under the PM Awas Yojana Gramin affordable housing scheme, central government aims to develop 3 Crore homes by the year 2022 in rural areas for poor families including BPL.
PMAY-G is the revamped version of Indira Awas Yojana which was renamed earlier this year with some pro-poor changes in the scheme. Housing units under the PMAY-G scheme are already being offered to the beneficiaries in rural areas across the country. Pradhan Mantri Narendra Modi also handed over the allotment letters to the beneficiaries during the launch event.
The minimum area of home under the new scheme has been increased to 25 Square meter (267 Square foot) from 20 Sq.Mt. in earlier scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Government has also released the scheme logo and a video

http://iay.nic.in/netiay/Video/PMAYGLaunch.mp4
The objective of the scheme is to provide homes to every Indian by the year 2022. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin will be implemented across the country except Delhi and Chandigarh. The immediate target of PMAY-G is to construct 1 Crore affordable homes in rural areas by the year 2018-19.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Financial Assistance Under PMAY-G
The central government would be providing a financial assistance of Rs. Rs. 120,000 in plain areas and Rs. 130,000 in eastern, hilly and IAP areas to the beneficiaries. Along with this, an additional Rs. 12000 will also be provided to build toilet to each beneficiary under the Swachch Bharat Mission. The beneficiaries will also be provided daily wages of up to 90-95 days (Rs. 18000) through MGNREGA.
Hence, the total financial assistance amount will be 1 Lakh 50 thousand for plain areas and 1 Lakh 60 thousand for eastern, hilly and IAP areas. Interested beneficiaries can also avail a loan of upto Rs. 70000 from any of the nationalized banks for the construction of home. 
Selection of beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin will be done on the basis of SECC-2011 data. The government has also launched AwaasApp for beneficiaries to know the status of their application, funding or share the progress of construction.
To know more about the PMAY-G, please visit the following links
IN ENGLISH: https://sarkariyojana.com/pradhan-mantri-awas-yojana-gramin/
IN HINDI: Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awas Yojana in Hindi
OR visit the official website at http://iay.nic.in
Video & Image Source and Credits: http://iay.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF

