
Himachal Pradesh CM Jai Ram Thakur has launched HP MyGov Portal at himachal.mygov.in. Now people can make HP My Gov Portal Registration / Login 2020 at the official website. This portal will go a long way in strengthening public participation in governance process. Himachal My Gov Portal is an innovative platform to build partnership b/w citizens and government with usage of technology for growth and development of India. गतिविधियाँ – समूह, कार्यों, चर्चाओं, जनमत, ब्लॉग और विशेष चर्चाओं मे भाग लेकर राष्ट्र निर्माण का हिस्सा बनें और इसमें अपना योगदान दें!
The My Gov Himachal Portal will enable people to communicate with govt. by providing their views, suggestions, feedback and discontentment. HP state govt. will take appropriate measures on constructive criticism and will synergize all contributions for betterment of Himachal Pradesh.
The salient features of Himachal My Gov Portal are discussions, polls, tasks, talks and blogs on several groups based on diverse governance and public policy issues.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP My Gov Portal Registration / Login at himachal.mygov.in
Here is the complete process to make registration and login at the Himachal Pradesh My Gov Portal:-

Firstly visit the official website at himachal.mygov.in
At the homepage, click at the “पंजीकरण करें” link in the main menu to open the HP My Gov Portal Registration Form as shown below:-
Himachal My Gov Portal Registration Form
Here candidates can make registration using their social media profile as on facebook, google, twitter, linkedin or can enter their details to create a new account.

All the new users can then make login and the login page will appear as shown below:-
Himachal MyGov Portal Login Form
It is important to note that users with @ gov.in or @ nic.in ID can directly login with their e-mail Id and passowrd.

After making login, all the candidates can participate in various activities at the portal (as mentioned below) and communicate with the HP government. Previously, the state govt. had already launched HP Mukhyamantri Seva Sankalp Helpline Number to establish 2 way communication between citizens and government.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Activities at Himachal My Gov Portal

समूह – आपकी रूचि के विषय
कार्य – ऑनलाइन और बाहरी कार्य करें
चर्चा – समूह और चर्चा में भाग लें
जनमत – जनमत का हिस्सा बनें
ब्लॉग – मेरी सरकार की नवीनतम गतिविधयों के बारे में पढ़ें
वार्ता – सुशासन पर हुई विशेष चर्चा सुनें

To directly connect to chief minister of Himachal Pradesh, a new CM App is also launched.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: himachal.mygov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh government has launched a new Shikhar Ki Or Himachal App on 7 January 2020. CM Jai Ram Thakur starts शिखर की ओर हिमाचल मोबाइल ऐप which can now be downloaded from google play store and apple app store. All the android phone users as well as Iphone users (IoS) can download Shikhar Ki Aur Himachal mobile application on their smartphones. This app will contain all the latest information about the CM programs, cabinet ministers programs, activities and govt. related services.
Information about activities related to Chief Minister Shri Jairam Thakur Ji and the State Government is available in the Shikhar Ki Or Himachal” app. The programs about the Chief Minister and members of the state cabinet are also shown in the शिखर की ओर हिमाचल मोबाइल ऐप. People can now easily download the app on their mobile phones to avail its benefits.
Apart from this, you can also see articles, videos and photos related to the government in the app.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Shikhar Ki Or Himachal Mobile App APK Download
The direct links to download the Shikhar Ki Or Himachal Mobile App APK on any mobile phone are given below:-

From Google Play Store –

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hp.cm.app
The Shikhar Ki Or Mobile App for android users will appear as follows:-
Shikhar Ki Or Himachal App Android Google Play Store
शिखर की ओर हिमाचल’’ ऐप में मुख्यमंत्री श्री जयराम ठाकुर जी एवं प्रदेश सरकार से संबंधित गतिविधियों व कार्यों की जानकारी उपलब्ध है। मुख्यमंत्री तथा प्रदेश मंत्रिमंडल के सदस्यों के कार्यक्रमों के बारे में भी ऐप में दर्शाया गया है। इसके अतिरिक्त आप सरकार से जुड़े लेख, वीडियो व फोटो इत्यादि भी ऐप में देखे जा सकते हैं।
This app is updated on 2 January 2020 with 13 MB size and is installed 1000+ times till date. The current version of Shikhar Ki or Himachal Mobile App (android version) is 4.0 and requires android 5.0 and up for installation in smartphones.


From Apple App Store –

https://apps.apple.com/in/app/shikhar-ki-or-himachal/id1480095952
The Shikhar Ki Or Mobile App for Apple Iphone users will appear as follows:-
Shikhar Ki Or Himachal App Iphone Apple App Store
National Informatics Centre, Himachal Pradesh provides Shikhar Ki Aur Himachal App with size of 84.9 MB. The app category is utilities and for compatibility, it requires iOS 11.0 or later. The app is compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and is available in English language. This app has age rating of 4+ and is free of cost for Iphone users. The copyright of this app is with © National Informatics Centre, Himachal Pradesh



Shikhar Ki Or Himachal Pradesh mobile app is developed by Deptt. of Information Technology, Himachal Pradesh News & Magazines.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state govt. of Himachal Pradesh has launched this app to minimize the gap b/w citizens and the HP state government. 

सरकार और जनता के बीच की दूरी को खत्म करने की दृष्टि से हम हरसंभव कदम उठा रहे हैं।इसी ध्येय को पूरा करने के लिए आज हमने "शिखर की ओर हिमाचल"मोबाइल ऐप की शुरुआत की।नीचे दिए लिंक के माध्यम से इस ऐप को आप भी अवश्य इंस्टॉल करें तथा सरकार से जुड़ी महत्वपूर्ण गतिविधियों से अपडेट रहें। pic.twitter.com/ahpmhPHdaT
— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) January 6, 2020
 
People can easily download this app and keep a track of the govt. activities, schemes launched for them and take benefits on a daily basis.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

HP Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-2020 Online Application / RegistrationHP Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-2020 EligibilityHimachal Pradesh Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-20
Himachal Pradesh government has launched HP Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-2020 to provide assistance upto Rs. 1 lakh to meritorious students for coaching purpose. Students can fill HP Medha Protsahan Yojana online application form at educationhp.org. Students would be able to prepare for entrance examinations like civil services exams which would further generate employment opportunities. The last date to apply online for Medha Protsahan Yojna is 15 January 2020. 
HP Medha Protsahan Yojana will ensure that the meritorious students does not find any difficulty in preparation of exams and in building their career due to shortage of money. Guidance will be provided to all students through expert faculty at coaching centers located within or outside the state. For the current FY 2019-2020, the state govt. has allocated a budget of Rs. 5 crore.
The state govt. is focused on providing assistance for coaching to poor meritorious students so that each student gets admission in reputed higher educational institutions across the country. This scheme will serve as a boon to all the students belonging to poor and economically weaker sections. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-2020 Online Application / Registration
Himachal Pradesh Higher Education Department has invited applications from meritorious students preparing for competitive exams under Medha Protsahan scheme. These applications have been invited from candidates taking coaching from institutions identified by Higher Education Department within the state or other states preparing for CLAT/ NEET/ IIT/ AIIMS/ AFMC/ NDA etc. and UPSC/ SSC/ Banking and Insurance, Railways etc. entrance exam. The HP Medha Protsahan Yojana Application Form is present in the pdf file which can be downloaded through the link below:- 

http://educationhp.org/Files/MEDHA%20PROTSAHAN%20YOJNA.PDF09_05_2019_01_12_59.PDF
HP Medha Protsahan Yojana Apply Online Form 2020 will appear as shown below:-
HP Medha Protsahan Yojana Apply Online Form

Previous deadline to fill Medha Protsahan Yojana apply online form was 25 Dec 2019 which is extended to 15 January 2020. The candidates can send their application to office of Director, Higher Education, Himachal Pradesh, Shimla- 171001 or through email [email protected] before last date. The complete detail of the scheme is available on website www.educationhp.org of Director Higher Education Himachal Pradesh.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-2020 Eligibility
All the candidates who wants to apply online for HO Medha Protsahan Yojana must fulfill the eligibility criteria as given below:-	

The candidate applying under Medha Protsahan Yojana should be a bonafide Himachali.
The total family income of the candidate should be less than 2.50 lakh per annum and should not be double than below poverty line income.

Under this scheme the selected candidates would be provided with maximum financial assistance of rupees one lakh only once in life time. The candidates can utilize this financial assistance for institution fees, books etc. while preparing for competitive exams.
Himachal Pradesh Medha Protsahan Yojana 2019-20
The important features and highlights of HP Medha Protsahan Yojana are as follows:-

HP govt. will provide financial assistance upto Rs. 1 lakh to meritorious students for coaching to secure excellent marks in competitive examinations.
All the 12th class students needs proper guidance to perform well in the entrance examinations. So, govt. will assist them in getting coaching in the state or outside the state. Moreover, assistance would be provided to the college students to get coaching for job related examinations.
The assistance amount would be given for all the competitive exams conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and Staff Selection Commission (SSC).
Students can apply for coaching to prepare for CLAT, IIT-JEE, AIIMS, AFMC, NEET like competitive examinations.
The total family income of the meritorious students from all sources must not exceed Rs. 2.5 lakh per annum.

हिमाचल मंत्रीमण्डल ने प्रदेश के भविष्य के लिए "मेधा प्रोत्साहन योजना" शुरू की है। गरीब परिवार से संबंध रखने वाले विद्यार्थियों के लिए वरदान साबित होगी यह योजना।#शिखरकीओरहिमाचल pic.twitter.com/ofZJXR8wlI
— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) October 23, 2018


The state govt. of Himachal Pradesh has made a budgetary provision of Rs. 5 crore for coaching assistance under the Medha Protsahan Yojana for which announcement was made in the HP Budget 2019-20.
All the students will get coaching assistance upto Rs. 1 lakh for competitive examinations and they can avail coaching either inside or outside the state.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh government has started a new HP Single Use Plastic Buy Back Scheme 2019. Under this scheme, the state govt. will buyback single-use, non-recyclable plastic waste with a minimum support price of Rs. 75 per kg. This scheme is started by CM Jai Ram Thakur at a function held on 2 October 2019 to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
As per initial estimates, the total plastic which is likely to be collected will be about 75,000 kg. The budget required for plastic buy back is around Rs. 2.81 crore. The non-recyclable waste will include polythene bags and govt. will purchase this waste from rag-pickers, households and urban local bodies (ULBs).
Since 2 October 2009, there has been a complete ban on the use of polythene bags in Himachal Pradesh state. The HP single-use plastic buyback scheme got the cabinet approval on 16 September 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Single Use Plastic Buy Back Scheme 2019
CM Jai Ram Thakur of Himachal Pradesh has launched HP Single Use Plastic Buy Back Scheme. At a function organized here to celebrate the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, CM said that single use plastic (disposable) is not only an environment hazard but also a health threat for humans and animals. 
This scheme will encourage people to use environment-friendly bags instead of polythene. HP state govt. has already imposed ban on usage of plastic bags and cutlery made of plastic and thermocol. Jute bags are an alternative to plastic bags. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

There is a need to adopt Gandhiji’s humanistic message and ideology in life. This year, the state govt. celebrates 150th birth anniversary of Father of Nation as “Swachhata Hi Seva” campaign. On 2 October 2019, the state govt. also celebrates the day to perform “Shramdaan” to eradicate plastic waste.
Himachal Pradesh is the first state to tackle the threat of plastic and other non-biodegradable waste. The polythene waste collected through various awareness campaigns would be used as an alternative in road construction and as fuel in cement kilns.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.news18.com/news/india/himachal-pradesh-starts-scheme-to-buy-back-single-use-plastic-2331217.html
SAVE AS PDF


हिमाचल प्रदेश मुख्यमंत्री सेवा संकल्प हेल्पलाइन नंबर सुविधा की शुरुआत की गयी, अब आम आदमी अपनी समस्याओं को फोन के जरिये टोल फ्री नंबर 1100 पर कॉल करके मुख्यमंत्री तक पहुंचा पाएंगेHimachal Pradesh government has started a new Mukhyamantri Seva Sankalp Helpline Number 1100 for public grievance addressal in the state. On this Chief Minister Seva Sankalp Helpline No, people can easily place call from their mobile phones and tell their problems to CMO. On dialling 1100, the officials will properly respond & provide resolution of the problem. A follow up call would also be made from the call center to people to get their feedback. 
The state govt. of Himachal Pradesh has released a 4 digit toll free (Dial 1100) for CM Seva Sankalp Helpline Number. At one time, this newly launched helpline number would be able to attend specific number calls of people to address their difficulties. Previously, suggestions were invited for better name of Himachal CM Helpline at [email protected]
CM Jairam Thakur has made an official tweet on his official twitter handler and given this information about CM Seva Sankalp toll free number. This helpline number facility (suvidha) is now functional.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Mukhyamantri Seva Sankalp Helpline Number (1100)
Firstly, any person who is facing any difficulty in work related to any state department can call at 1100. This is a toll free Him Seva Helpline of the HP state govt. to contact CM office directly. On receiving the call at the call center setup by the Himachal Pradesh government, an official attending the call placed at Mukhyamantri Seva Sankalp Helpline number will note down the problem.
Then the official entry of problem would be feed inside the computer data. The problem would then be transferred to the concerned officials for taking action at the earliest. This action must be taken in a time bound manner so that the grievance could be resolved.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

After taking suitable action on the problem, complainant will get progress information at their handsets. CM Jairam Thakur will also review the functioning of CM Seva Sankalp Helpline No. every month. In the new call center, various officials will remain present to address grievances of people.

मेरा संकल्प जनता की प्रत्येक समस्या का समाधान करना है।
आज हमने हिमाचल में ‘‘मुख्यमंत्री सेवा संकल्प हेल्पलाइन’’ का शुभारंभ किया।
अब मेरे प्रदेशवासी हेल्पलाइन के टोल फ्री नंबर 1100 पर शिकायत दर्ज करवा सकेंगे।आपकी समस्या का समाधान त्वरित किया जाएगा।#मुख्यमंत्रीसेवासंकल्प pic.twitter.com/vb7Fauuvhz
— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) September 16, 2019
 
Need For CM Seva Sankalp Helpline Number in Himachal Pradesh
As all the people in Himachal Pradesh are not able to place their complaints online, so HP govt. has started CM Seva Sankalp Helpline Number. In this Mukhyamantri help toll free no., people can directly contact the CM Office. Currently, only the complaints send through e-mail & e-samadhaan are addressed. This is a major move of HP govt. as people who are illiterate or less efficient can now take benefits of this CM Seva Sankalp toll free number.
The main commitment is to ensure good governance where problems of all citizens are heard in an unbiased manner. In addition to this, citizens can send their suggestions for better functioning of elected govt. at new e-mail ID at [email protected]





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://twitter.com/CMOFFICEHP
SAVE AS PDF


कमजोर वर्गों के उपचार के लिए हिमाचल प्रदेश सरकार ने शुरू करी सहारा योजना, राज्य सरकार कैंसर, पारकिनसन, पैरालिसिस, मस्कुलर डिस्ट्रॉफी, थैलेसिमिया, हिमोफिलिया और रेनल फेलियर जैसी गंभीर बीमारियों से ग्रसित व्यक्तियों को प्रति माह 3000 रुपये की आर्थिक मदद देगी

Table of Contents

Himachal Pradesh Sahara Yojana 2020 Offline ApplicationHP Sahara Yojana 2020 Eligibility CriteriaList of Documents Required to Apply Online for Sahara SchemeHighlights / Launch Details of HP Sahara Yojana
HP Sahara Yojana 2020 offline application has now been started by the Himachal Pradesh government on 11 September 2020. In this scheme, the state govt. will provide Rs. 3,000 per month to people suffering from severe diseases. HP Sahara Yojna will cover specific serious illnesses like paralysis, parkinson, cancer, muscular dystrophy, hemophilia, thalassemia and renal failure. The state govt. will provide financial assistance to patients belonging to economically weaker sections (EWS) category. 
This Sahara Scheme was announced in the Himachal Pradesh Budget 2019-20 to provide assistance to poor patients for medical treatment. Through HP Sahara Yojana, people would be able to meet the hardships faced during prolonged treatment of chronic diseases.
The state govt. of Himachal Pradesh had allocated Rs. 2,482 crore for healthcare scheme in Budget 2019-20 earlier. Now the scheme would continue benefiting people in the FY 2020-21 also.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Himachal Pradesh Sahara Yojana 2020 Offline Application
The important features and highlights of this Sahara Yojana in Himachal Pradesh are as follows:-
For medical treatment, govt. will provide Rs. 3,000 per month to EWS category patients.Serious diseases like paralysis, parkinson, cancer, muscular dystrophy, haemophilia, thalassemia are included. Moreover, chronic renal failure or any other disease which renders a person permanently incapacitated are also included.The main aims is to assist poor patients suffering from fatal diseases to migrate hardships faced during prolonged treatment.In the 1st phase, around 9,471 patients had been covered for which Rs. 14.40 crore were provided in FY 2019. Now for the FY 2020-21, this scheme will continue to benefit those patients along with new ones.CM Jai Ram Thakur had announced this Sahara Yojana earlier in 2nd HP Budget 2019-20. CMO Office has now officially started this scheme on 11 September 2020 for FY 2020-21 through a tweet on CMO Himachal (@CMOFFICEHP). 
A campaign would be launched to popularize the Sahara Yojna. The Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) and other health workers would identify beneficiaries and will assist them with prescribed formalities. The HP state govt. will also provide an incentive of Rs. 200 to ASHA workers to encourage participation. Offline application process will be carried out by these Anganwadi workers, Asha workers along with their helpers.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Sahara Yojana 2020 Eligibility Criteria
All the people who wants to become the HP Sahara Yojana beneficiaries must fulfill the conditions given below:-
Resident of Himachal Pradesh – All the applicants who wish to avail assistance must be a permanent resident of the Himachal Pradesh state.Economically Weaker Sections – All the candidates who belong to economically weaker section (EWS) category and comes below poverty line can avail assistance and treatment.Income Criteria – The annual income of the candidate from all sources, must not exceed Rs. 4 lakh p.a.Diagnosed Patients – Candidates who are on diagnosis must present a proof of their illness to get assistance.
In addition to these, there are around 4200 patients suffering from HIV / AIDS, the state govt. has extended their assistance to Rs. 1500 per month. Moreover, the Himachal Pradesh govt. will also start Mobile Diagnostic Van for identification and treatment of breast and survical cancer.
हिमाचल सरकार ने गंभीर बीमारियों से ग्रस्त व्यक्तियों को स्वास्थ्य सेवाओं के लाभ की आवश्यकताओं को पूर्ण करने हेतु ‘‘सहारा योजना’’ शुरू की है।योजना के अंतर्गत उक्त मरीजों को 3000 रुपए प्रतिमाह का वित्तीय लाभ देने का प्रावधान है। pic.twitter.com/Is8AI9GXeT— CMO HIMACHAL (@CMOFFICEHP) September 11, 2020 
List of Documents Required to Apply Online for Sahara Scheme
Here is the complete list of documents required to apply online for Sahara Yojana in Himachal Pradesh:-
Permanent Residence Certificate – In order to get their residence verified and confirmed, applicants can produce permanent residence certificate.Aadhaar Card or Identity Certificate – ID proof is a must document for any scheme, so applicants will have to prove their identity by showing some documents like Aadhaar card or any other documents.Treatment History – The treatment record of the applicant patient must be there to get assistance.Birth Certificate or 10th Marksheet – In order to prove date of birth of the applicant, either birth certificate or 10th marksheet needs to be produced.Income Certificate – To confirm that applicant belongs to economically weaker section (EWS) category, income certificate must be produced.Bank Details – The financial assistance amount of Rs. 3,000 per month would be transferred into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries through Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) mode, so bank details are required.Passport Size Photograph – Recent 2 passport size photograph of the applicants would be required to fill application form.
Highlights / Launch Details of HP Sahara Yojana
Here are the highlights and launch details of the Himachal Pradesh Sahara Yojana 2020:- 
Official Name of SchemeHP Sahara YojanaLaunch Date11 September 2020Assistance AmountRs. 36,000 per annumLaunched byChief Minister Office (CMO) Himachal PradeshImplementation YearFY 2020-21Concerned DepartmentHealth & Family Welfare DepartmentMajor BeneficiariesPeople from Economically Weaker SectionsSalient Features of HP Sahara Yojana
People suffering from severe illnesses would be able to benefit from HP Sahara Yojana 2020-21.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/shimla/himachal-launches-sahara-scheme-for-poor-patients/articleshow/70322269.cms
SAVE AS PDF


हिमाचल प्रदेश मुख्यमंत्री हिम सेवा हेल्पलाइन नंबर सुविधा की रूपरेखा तैयार, अब आम आदमी अपनी समस्याओं को फोन के जरिये मुख्यमंत्री तक पहुंचा पाएंगे, जल्द ही जारी किया जाएगा टोल फ्री नंबरHimachal Pradesh government is going to start Mukhyamantri Him Seva Helpline Number in the state very soon. On this Chief Minister Him Seva Helpline No, people can place call from their mobile phones and tell their problems on which govt. officials will tell the proper solution. The state govt. will also place a follow up call to the people to ensure that their problem is addressed properly or not. This call center would be opened at crossing near parking in Shimla. 
The state govt. will release a 4 digit number for Mukhyamantri Him Seva Helpline Number in Himachal Pradesh. At one time, this helpline number would be able to attend 60 calls of people to address their difficulties. Suggestions are invited for better name of Himachal CM Helpline at [email protected] 
CM Jairam Thakur has made an official tweet and given this information about CM Him Seva helpline number. In this tweet, CM also mentioned that this helpline number facility (suvidha) would start in the next few days.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Mukhyamantri Him Seva Helpline Number
At the call center setup by the Himachal Pradesh government, an official attending the call placed at Mukhyamantri Him Seva Helpline number will note down the problem. He will then feed it inside the computer and the problem would then be forwarded to the concerned official. That official will have to take time bound action on that problem and address that problem.
As soon as the proper action is taken on the problem, then the complainant would be given information regarding this. Chief Minister Jairam Thakur will review the functioning of CM Him Seva Helpline No. every month. CMO Himachal Pradesh has prepared a completed draft action plan for implementation of this toll free number.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

In the newly setup call center, dozens of officials will sit together to address problems of people. Moreover, the software in which the call attendant has to feed the problem is already prepared and is in final stage of testing.

देवभूमि हिमाचल की प्रगति एवं बेहतर सुशासन के लिए प्रदेश सरकार को ई-मेल के माध्यम से [email protected] पर अपने कीमती सुझाव अवश्य भेजें।#शिखरकीओरहिमाचल pic.twitter.com/VBAxpMGjj1
— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) May 29, 2019

Need For CM Him Seva Helpline Number
All the people are not able to place their complaints online, so the state govt. has taken this initiative to launch Mukhyamantri Him Seva Helpline Number in HP. Till date, people only have the option to send their complaints through e-mail, e-samadhaan to chief minister. But this toll free facility would enable people to directly talk to the CM regarding their problems. 
People who are illiterate or less efficient in making online complaints can now take the benefits of their Mukhyamantri Him Seva Helpline Number. The Chief Minister Office has asked citizens to give their suggestions for better functioning of the elected government. The state govt. has started a new e-mail ID [email protected] to invite suggestions from people. 
People can give your suggestions for better name of Himachal CM Helpline Number at [email protected]





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://twitter.com/jairamthakurbjp
SAVE AS PDF


हिमाचल हेल्थ केयर योजना (हिमकेयर स्कीम) ऑनलाइन पंजीकरण फॉर्म अब आधिकारिक वेबसाइट hpsbys.in पर उपलब्ध हैं, नया हिम केयर कार्ड बनवाने या नवीकरण के लिए आवेदन करें, आवेदन की स्तिथि देखें और कार्ड डाउनलोड करें, अस्पतालों की सूचि देखें

Table of Contents

Himcare Health Card Registration Online 2020Himcare Health Scheme Enrollment Status (Policy Status)Migrate Old Card to Him Care Card YojnaHimcare Health Card Download – Get My Him Care CardHim Care Card Apply Online for RenewalHimcare Health Card Hospital List 2020Check Himcare Card BalanceHimcare Health Card Yojana References
him care card yojna | himcare health card download | himcare health card hospital list | him care online registration | him care card apply online | himcare health scheme | himcare health card registration | himcare health card online apply
Himachal Pradesh government is inviting online enrollment forms for the Himachal Health Care Scheme (HIMCARE) at hpsbys.in. Now people can make him care online registration to apply online for himcare health scheme. The process for himcare health card registration and online apply has been started at the official website. People can now check the details of him care card yojna, make himcare health card download and check hospital list.
Himcare Health Scheme Registration process has begun at the official website of Himachal Pradesh Swasthya Bima Yojna Society. Under this himcare health scheme, the state govt. provides cashless treatment of Rs. 5 lakh p.a per familt to max. 5 members in a family. All the registered family members under the him care health card yojna will get treatment at pre-defined package rates in all empanelled hospitals. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The last date for Himachal Health Care (HIMCARE) Fresh Registration and Renew Registration (For Expired Card) is 15 July 2020. All the common and serious ailments have been included under this scheme and it has helped the beneficiaries in cutting down their expenditure on health services. 
Himcare Health Card Registration Online 2020
Below is the complete process for online HIMCARE enrollment and to get him care health card:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Firstly visit the official website of Himachal Pradesh Swasthya Bima Yojna Society at hpsbys.in
At the homepage, click at the “ONLINE HIMCARE ENROLLMENT” link or directly click this link
The Online Enrollment Form under Himcare Health Scheme will appear as shown below:-
Himcare Scheme Online Enrollment Form Him Care Card
Here candidates can fill in their ration card number. Then candidates can click at the “Submit” button to complete the Himcare Health Card online registration process.
Upon clicking the submit button, if you are already registered then your details will appear as shown below:-
Him Care Policy Ration Card Link Status
People who are not registered can apply online for Himcare Scheme through ration card or can fill Him Care Card online application form (previous process) as shown below:-
Himcare Health Card Online Apply
Applicants can enter all the necessary details accurately and submit the completed application form to complete the registration process.

The Himcare beneficiaries can register themselves at www.hpsbys.in or through Lok Mitra Kendras. The required documents for uploading under this scheme are also available on the departmental website. All the beneficiaries will have to pay the premium (Him Care Card Fees) from Rs. 0 to Rs. 1000. The people of the HP state were unable to register due to lockdown, therefore to facilitate the families, the government has extended the dates. Families whose cards have expired on 15th June 2020 can also renew their cards till July 15.
Himcare Health Scheme Enrollment Status (Policy Status)
All the candidates can check the enrollment status of Himcare Health Scheme through the link given below:-
https://app.hpsbys.in/WebSite/viewenrollmentstatus.aspx
Here candidates can enter their reference number or ration card number and click at the “Search” button to check their HIMCARE enrollment status. All the people left out of the Ayushman Bharat Yojana can apply online for Himcare health card yojana in Himachal Pradesh.
Migrate Old Card to Him Care Card Yojna
In order to migrate old card to Him care card yojna candidates will have to click the link below:-
https://app.hpsbys.in/WebSite/PrintHimcareforOldEnrolled.aspx
Now people can just simply enter their URN number and click at “Search” button to migrate their old card to Himcare health card.
Himachal Health Care Yojana Himcare
Himcare Health Card Download – Get My Him Care Card
All the candidates can now download their Himcare health card by clicking the link below:-
https://app.hpsbys.in/WebSite/GetmyHimcareCard.aspx
Here candidates can enter their URN / Aadhaar / Ration card number and click at the “Search” button to get him care card. Even people can apply online to add family member details through the link – Add Family Member in Himcare
Him Care Card Apply Online for Renewal
HIMCARE card holder can only renew their applications. To apply online for Him Care Card Renewal, click the link below:-
https://app.hpsbys.in/WebSite/checkforrenew.aspx
After clicking the above mentioned link, people can just enter their URN / Himcare number and hit at “Search” button to apply online for Himcare health card renewal.
Himcare Health Card Hospital List 2020
All the candidates can now check the Himcare Health Card Hospital List online through the link:-

https://www.hpsbys.in/content/iuu
The page displaying the complete himcare hospital list will appear as follows:-
Himcare Health Card Hospital List

People can also check the hospitals through the direct link at https://app.hpsbys.in/WebSite/SearchHospital.aspx. Also perform the Advance hospital search through the link – https://www.hpsbys.in/advance-hospital-search 
Check Himcare Card Balance
Here is the direct link to check the Himcare Card balance which is given below:-
https://app.hpsbys.in/WebSite/CheckCardBalance.aspx
People can then enter the URN number and click at the “Search” button to check the Himcare Card balance.
Himcare Health Card Yojana References
— To get detailed knowledge of the premium amount & list of documents needed, click the link – About Himcare
— For more details, visit the official website at https://www.hpsbys.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.hpsbys.in/
SAVE AS PDF


हिमाचल प्रदेश राशन कार्ड ऑनलाइन आवेदन पत्र भरें himachalforms.nic.in पर या ऑफलाइन राशन कार्ड एप्लीकेशन फॉर्म PDF डाउनलोड करें food.hp.nic.in पर, आवेदन की स्तिथि की भी जांच करें

Table of Contents

Online Application for Ration Card in Himachal PradeshHP Ration Card Application Form PDF Download (Offline)Track HP Ration Card Application Status
Himachal Pradesh govt. is inviting HP Ration Card online application form at himachalforms.nic.in. People can also download HP Ration Card PDF at food.hp.nic.in. All those people whose name does not appears in the HP Ration Card List 2019 can now apply through online or offline mode. Moreover, people can also track HP Ration Card online application status at edistrict.hp.gov.in.
All the candidates can apply online for ration card in HP by filling Consumer Card fillable pdf. In addition to this, people can perform HP Ration Card Form PDF download and submit it to the concerned authorities to get their name included in the HP Ration Card Data and thus in the new Ration Card List.
Rashan Card is an essential document issued by ePDS department in Himachal Pradesh to avail benefits of most of the state sponsored government schemes. Also, people can get rashan at subsidized rates through these ration cards from fair price shops located nearby. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Online Application for Ration Card in Himachal Pradesh
All the candidates can apply online for Ration Card in Himachal Pradesh through the below mentioned process:-

Firstly visit the official website at http://himachalforms.nic.in/
At the homepage, click at the “Find Your Relevant Form” link as shown below:-
Apply for Ration Card in Himachal Pradesh
In the next page, go to the ‘Food, Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs Department‘ section and then click at the “Application for Issuance of Consumer Card” link. Then click at the “Fillable PDF” button to open the new ration card application form Himachal Pradesh:-
Online Ration Card in Himachal Pradesh
Direct Link – e Ration Card Form HP

All the candidates must submit the filled in HP ration card application form to the Inspector, Food, Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs / Gram Panchayat Vikas Adhikari.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Ration Card Application Form PDF Download (Offline)
Candidates can also follow the offline process and download the HP ration card application form in PDF format through the process mentioned below:-

Firstly visit the official e Himapurti website at food.hp.nic.in 
At the homepage, click at the “Getting / Renewal of Ration Cards” link under ‘Citizen Services’ section.
Under Getting a Ration Card section, click at the “Download Ration Card Application Form-II” link. The direct links to download the application form for ration card in Himachal Pradesh in English in PDF format is given here – Download Application Form for Ration Card in Himachal Pradesh (English)
Himachal Pradesh Ration Card Application Form
The application for obtaining a ration card should be made to the Panchayat Secretary/Panchayat Sahayak in case of rural areas and to the Food & Supplies Officer/ Inspector, FCS&CA in case of urban areas.

Alternate Link to Download HP Ration Card Form PDF – New Ration Card Application Form Himachal Pradesh
Track HP Ration Card Application Status
All the candidates can track the HP ration card application status online through the link given below:-
HP Ration Card Application Status Online
Here people can enter their ration card application number and click at the “Search” button to get information on their application status of ration card in Himachal Pradesh.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: himachalforms.nic.in, food.hp.nic.in, edistrict.hp.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


हिमाचल प्रदेश वोटर लिस्ट 2020 (PDF) अब सीईओ की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट पर उपलब्ध है, नयी हिमाचल प्रदेश मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम अपनी जानकारी या EPIC नंबर के आधार पर खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करें

Table of Contents

CEO Voter List 2020 Himachal Pradesh (PDF Electoral Rolls) DownloadHP Voter ID Card Download – Find Name Online in HP Elector Voter List 2020Find Name in Voter List Himachal Pradesh by Name & Voter ID Card No.HP Election Voter List Name Search Online
CEO Himachal Voter List | Electoral Voter List | Voter List 2020 HP | Voter ID Search by Village | Polling Booth List in Himachal Pradesh | HP Election Voter List 2020 | Voter List 2020 Himachal Pradesh | Himachal Pradesh Voter ID Card List | HP Voter ID Card Download
Election Commission of India (ECI) had announced Lok Sabha (general) election dates in the country. In the Himachal Pradesh state, voting for 4 Lok Sabha seats was held on 19th May 2019 (7th Phase). Chief Electoral Officer has published Final Himachal Pradesh CEO Voter List 2020. Here people can perform name search in the New HP PDF Electoral Rolls and download Voter ID Card at https://himachal.nic.in/index.php?lang=1&dpt_id=6
All the citizens can check their name in the district wise CEO Himachal Pradesh Voter List 2020 with Photo and download HP Voter ID Card. The updated HP Electoral Voter List with Photo are available in the PDF format where people can find their name in the CEO HP Voters List 2020 Village wise and can Download HP Voter ID Card before casting their vote.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The entire PDF file of the HP Electoral Roll (Voter List) 2020 is now available. Here citizens can perform manual searching in the HP Election Voter List 2020. Moreover, people can adopt a hassle free process and check their names online in the Voter List 2020 Himachal Pradesh. 
CEO Voter List 2020 Himachal Pradesh (PDF Electoral Rolls) Download
Below is the complete procedure to download HP CEO Voter List 2020 PDF Electoral Rolls:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Visit the official website at of CEO Himachal Pradesh at https://himachal.nic.in/index.php?lang=1&dpt_id=6
At the homepage, click at the “Electoral Rolls [PDF Files]” link to download PDF Files of Voters List in Himachal Pradesh:-
Electoral Voter List Himachal Pradesh
Direct Link – HP CEO Electoral Rolls PDF Download
The Himachal Pradesh Voter List 2020 PDF files download page will appear as follows:-
CEO Himachal Voter List PDF Download
Here candidates can enter the district name, assembly segment, polling stations and click at the “Show PDF” option to open the final CEO Voter List 2019-2020 Himachal Pradesh

Finally, candidates can find their name manually in the HP CEO Voters List 2020.
HP Voter ID Card Download – Find Name Online in HP Elector Voter List 2020
All the citizens can now search elector / electoral roll online to find name in the HP Elections Voter List through the link below:-

http://admis.hp.nic.in/erms/ErollSearch.aspx
The ERoll Search page for electors will appear as shown below:-
Himachal Pradesh Voter ID Card List

Here candidates can search their name in the HP Election Voter List and can also print village / panchayat / ward wise Himachal Pradesh Voter ID Card list.
Find Name in Voter List Himachal Pradesh by Name & Voter ID Card No.
To find name in Voter List Himachal Pradesh by Name and Voter ID Card number, click the link given below:-
http://hp.gov.in/electionsearch/
HP Voter List 2020 Search by Name
All the candidates can even search their details through name and voter ID card number.
HP Election Voter List Name Search Online
All the candidates can even search their name in the HP Election Voter List online through the link given below:-
electoralsearch.in
Here candidates can enter their name, father / husband name, date of birth, gender, state, district, assembly constituency and click at “Search” button to find name online in the HP CEO Election Voters List. 
— Also Search Your Name in HP Electoral Rolls by SMS 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://himachal.nic.in/index.php?lang=1&dpt_id=6
SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has decided to implement HP Ujjwala Grahini Suvidha Yojana (GSY) in the cabinet meeting held on 8 January 2019. Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana application form is available in PDF format at the official website. People can download E-KYC form and application form pdf of Grahani Suvidha Yojna to avail domestic LPG gas connections.
Grihini Suvidha Yojana in Himachal Pradesh is going to result in women empowerment and will also help in creating a pollution free environment in the state. HP govt. will implement this Grahini Suvidha Yojana (HGSY) with an outlay of Rs. 12 crore.
Previously, the state govt. has announced this Grihini Sividha Yojna in the annual Himachal Pradesh Budget 2018-19.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana Application Form Download
Below is the complete procedure to download the Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana Form PDF:-

Firstly visit the website http://admis.hp.nic.in/ehimapurti/downloads.htm
At the homepage, click at the “Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana Form” link.
Direct Link – Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana Form PDF
Afterwards, the E-KYC form and application form for HP Grahani Suvidha Yojana will appear on the 1st & 2nd page in the pdf file. E-KYC form will appear as shown below:-
Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana E-KYC Form Download
Moreover, Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana Application Form will appear as shown below:-
Himachal Grihini Suvidha Yojana Application Form
Download the PDF file, fill both the E-KYC & application forms for Grahini Suvidha Yojana and submit it too the concerned authorities to avail domestic LPG gas connections.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Himachal Grahini Suvidha Yojana Details
The highlights of Himachal Pradesh Grahani Suvidha Yojna are as follows:-

HP govt. will provide security amount for domestic Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) connection and a gas stove to the poor families.
All families in the state who does not possess the LPG Gas Connections and are not covered under Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) will get covered under HP Grahani Suvidha Scheme 2019.
This scheme aims to provide LPG Gas connection facility to all the poor families for at-least 2 years.

Also Read – Himachal Grahini Suvidha Yojana Scheme
To successfully implement the HP Grahini Suvidha Yojna, the state govt. has made a budgetary provision of Rs. 12 crore.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

HP Free School Uniform Scheme – Atal School Vardi Yojana 2020Progress of Atal Vardi Yojna Till August 2020 Other Decisions Taken in Cabinet Meeting in Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Atal School Vardi Yojana for the students in all the state run schools. Under this Free Uniform Scheme, all the students of class 1st to 12th will get these free uniforms. Students are provided with free school uniforms for the FY 2018-19, 2019-20 & 2020-21. In Atal Vardi Yojna in 2018-19, around 8,30,945 students of class 1-12 had received 2 sets of free school uniforms with an outlay of Rs. 73.5 crore. 
Under the Atal Vardi Yojana, students of 1st, 6th and 9th class are also being provided with school bags in addition to two uniforms in a year. Till 26 August 2020, around 2,56,514 students of class 1, 6 & 9 had also received school bags with an estimated expenditure of Rs. 7.84 crore. 
This scheme would go a long way in inculcating confidence among the children from poor families. The Free Uniform Scheme was named after former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee because of his special love for the hill folk.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Free School Uniform Scheme – Atal School Vardi Yojana 2020
Himachal Pradesh govt. had already started procurement, supply and distribution of school uniforms to the school students of class 1st to 12th under the Atal School Vardi Yojana. These uniforms are being given to the students in state run schools for the year 2018-19, 2019-20 and 2020-21 through the Himachal Pradesh State Civil Supplies Corporation.
Progress of Atal Vardi Yojna Till August 2020 
As mentioned above, around 8.3 lakh students of class 1-12 had already received 2 sets of free school uniforms worth Rs. 73.5 crore in 2018-19. Moreover, around 2.5 lakh students of class 1, 6, 9 had already received bags worth Rs. 7.84 crore. The decision to implement HP Atal Vardi Yojna was taken in the cabinet meeting held at Dharamshala chaired by CM Jai Ram Thakur. The free uniform scheme aims to bring about uniformity among students in the classrooms by providing similar uniform to all irrespective of their economic status.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

"स्कूली बच्चों को निःशुल्क वर्दी व बैग"हिमाचल सरकार "अटल वर्दी योजना" के अंतर्गत स्कूली विद्यार्थियों को प्रतिवर्ष दो वर्दियां प्रदान कर रही है।इस योजना से लाखों विद्यार्थियों को लाभ प्राप्त हुआ है। pic.twitter.com/UwMdnPrgzA— CMO HIMACHAL (@CMOFFICEHP) September 13, 2020 
Other Decisions Taken in Cabinet Meeting in Himachal Pradesh
In the cabinet committee meeting held in 2018-19, govt. had also approved to allocate execution of 100 MW Sorang hydro electric project in Kinnaur to M/s Greenko East Coast Power Projects Pvt. Ltd. for execution. This was done by allowing transfer of 100% equity shares in Himachal Sorang Power Private Limited in favour of Greenko Group Company namely Greenko East Coast Power Projects Pvt. Ltd. Along with the Atal School Vardi Yojana, these decisions were taken for the overall development of the Himachal Pradesh state.
Earlier, the state govt. had also setup CM’s Helpline Number (Mukhyamantri Seva Sankalp Helpline No.) to reach out the citizens pro-actively and facilitate them to provide the helpline facilities through citizen’s call center. This is to ensure that a transparent and accountable system where roles and responsibilities is defined for each stakeholder. Moreover, each citizen should have a single window operation for information, demand, suggestions and grievances.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Mukhyamantri Aashirwad Yojana to provide free baby kits to all new born babies. All the infants who takes birth in government hospitals will get these free kits for babies. The state govt. will start distributing these kits worth Rs. 1500 from December 2018.
The tender process for HP Mukhyamantri Aashirwad Yojana has been finalized and the supply order has been generated by the state government. Moreover, the state govt. is already providing Rs. 700 to the mothers during their pregnancy. This scheme is going to benefit more than 1 lakh infants every year.
This scheme would encourage women to give birth to their child in the hospitals so that the child gets mother’s milk and gets proper nourishment. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Himachal Pradesh Mukhyamantri Aashirwad Yojana
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

All the baby kits distributed under Mukhyamantri Aashirwad Yojana will consists of 15 things necessary for newly born babies.
These 15 things includes suit, pair of vests (baniyan), velvet cloth, pair of gloves (dastane), pair of socks, massage oil, towel, 6 nappies, mosquito curtain (machardani), blanket, 1 toy. For mothers, there is toothpaste & tooth brush, bathing soap, vaseline and sanitizer.
The items in the distributed baby kits (baby care kits) will have a total cost of around Rs. 1500.
In the FY 2018-19, the state govt. has made a budgetary provision of Rs. 15 crore for this CM Ashirwad scheme. 
Around 1 lakh infants would get these baby kits every year.
Only those mothers who give birth to the children in hospitals would be eligible for this scheme. Even such mothers would also get financial assistance of Rs. 700 on the birth of new baby.

Mukhyamantri Ashirwaad scheme has been announced in the HP Budget 2018-19 and is approved by the cabinet committee last month. As per the reports from the official sources, all the technicalities have been completed to start the scheme. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Of all the schemes of Health department announced by CM in the Budget, work on around 90% of the schemes have been completed. All the new born babies who are born in the hospitals will get these kits worth Rs. 1500. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh government has approved to implement Sashakt Mahila Yojana in the cabinet meeting held on 20 November 2018 which was presided over by the CM Jai Ram Thakur. This scheme has been launched to empower rural women and to provide them an interface for organisation and socio-economic development. The cabinet committee has taken various other social welfare measures to benefit every section of the society.
Under Sashakt Mahila Yojana, the state govt. will appoint 1 women development officer and fill 2 posts of district coordinator. HP state cabinet has also approved the opening of a government pharmacy college in Seraj area of Mandi district.
In addition to this, the state govt. gave its permission to create Sub Tehsil at Mandap in Mandi district. This would have total 9 patwar circles for the population of 12440.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Sashakt Mahila Yojana for Rural Women
Sashakt Mahila scheme not only ensure to link rural women with sustainable livelihood opportunities but also to improve their skills by imparting suitable training. Cabinet committee has also decided to open a police post at Yashwant Nagar under Police Station Rajgarh in Sirmaur district. The state govt. will also create 7 posts of various categories to benefit 48 villages of the area. HP govt. will open police post at Shoghi under Boileauganj Police Station in Shimla district. 
The state govt. has approved to fill up 54 posts of Junior Office Assistant (IT) on contract basis in Women and Child Development Directorate, Himachal Pradesh. HP govt. has approved filling up of 3 creche workers and 15 posts of creche helpers by HP state council for child welfare under National Creche Scheme in different districts.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP cabinet also approved creation and filling up ten posts of Junior Office Assistant (IT) on contract basis in Industries Department. 

मंत्रिमंडल की बैठक में जनता की मांगों के मद्देनजर महत्वपूर्ण निर्णय लिए। इसके तहत विभिन्न योजनाओं को शुरू किया जाएगा, विभिन्न संस्थान स्थापित किए जाएंगे ।#कैबिनेटबैठक#शिखरकीओरहिमाचल pic.twitter.com/IXvSoPUeAm
— CMO HIMACHAL (@CMOFFICEHP) November 20, 2018

Cabinet committee has agreed to open Ayurvedic health centre at village Sain in Bharata Gram Panchayat of Thural tehsil in Kangra district. In addition, the govt. will create requisite posts to run this centre. Around 84 posts of warden in H.P prisons and correctional services deparment will be filled on contract basis. The state govt. has approved to fill up 10 posts of class III and class IV of different categories in HP Technical University, Hamirpur. HP cabinet committee has also approved the amendment to Section 35 of the HP Town and Country Planning Rules, 2014. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh cabinet committee has taken a number of decisions on 5 November 2018 for the welfare of common people. To ensure the objective of “Healthy Himachal”, the state govt. has decided to start HP Mukhyamantri Nirog Yojana. There is no age limit and the scheme will be applicable to all the permanent citizens of the state. 
The primary objective of Mukhyamantri Nirog Yojana is to identify long term problems through check-ups and to ensure proper cure to people. Under this scheme, the state govt. will provide free medicines for proper cure of the health problems.
The announcement of this health scheme was made in the Himachal Pradesh budget 2018-19.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Mukhyamantri Nirog Yojana for All Citizens
The important features and highlights of CM Nirog Yojana are as follows:-

All the citizens of the state belonging to any age group can avail the scheme benefits.
The state govt. will provide free medicines to the citizens for all types of diseases.
Mukhyamantri Nirog Yojana will primarily benefit the poor people so that they can get proper treatment on time. Health problems can be identified at the initial stage to provide proper treatment to the people.
Under this scheme, random blood tests, eye check-up, blood pressure test and other tests would be performed absolutely free of cost.
In the initial phase, the state govt. will provide 330 free medicines while 66 medicines are already available.
All the children below 8 years of age will get free injections for insulin and haemophilia.
This scheme will reduce the risk of Measles and Rubella.

The state govt. of Himachal Pradesh has launched Mukhyamantri Nirog Yojana in order to perform general health check up of the people. This scheme is to be implemented by the health department of the state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Random tests for blood sugar, blood pressure, eye check-up and other lab check-ups will be performed. These tests will help in the identification of long term problems of the citizens. 

मंत्रिमंडल की बैठक में अहम विषयों पर चर्चा करने के साथ महत्वपूर्ण निर्णय लिए। स्वास्थ्य के क्षेत्र में बड़ी योजना को शुरू करने की मंजूरी दी, इससे सभी वर्गों को लाभ मिलेगा।#शिखरकीओरहिमाचल#मंत्रिमंडलकीबैठक pic.twitter.com/fNWPVnzIlO
— CMO HIMACHAL (@CMOFFICEHP) November 5, 2018

The state govt. has also made other announcements in the cabinet meeting held on 5 November 2018. For complete details of the decisions taken, visit the official website www.cmohimachal.com





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Him Pragati portal developed by MeitY to facilitate private investors establishing projects in state in Power, Tourism and Industrial sectors. This is the official web portal of the Chief Minister’s office, Himachal pradesh. Interested investors can make private user project registration at the official Him Pragati Portal at himpragati.nic.in 
Private investors can raise their concerns regarding projects to speed up the entire execution process. This site is informative as it contains the list of HP govt. schemes, employment generation activities, jan manch section and provides links to other govt. department / officials also.
The content at this Him Pragati portal is owned by respective organizations which may be contacted for further information or suggestion. Neither NIC nor Chief Minister’s Office (CMO) is liable for any inadvertent or typing errors.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Him Pragati Portal Private User Registration
Below is the complete procedure to make private user registration at the Him Pragati Portal:-

Visit the official website himpragati.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Private User Registration” tab present in the header or directly click this link
Here candidates can read Instructions and enter the “mobile number” to generate OTP as shown in the figure below:-
Him Pragati Portal Investor Registration
After verification of OTP, the private user project registration form will appear as follows:-
Private User Project Registration Him Pragati Portal
Here candidates needs to select the project sector, execution mode, description, location, status and complete project related details and upload the necessary documents.
Finally, click at the “Save” button to submit your project application and for faster execution.

Hon'ble Chief Minister of HP launched 'Him Pragati' portal (https://t.co/x8joDaFjFO), developed by #NICMeitY, to facilitate private investors establishing Projects in State in Power, Tourism &Industrial sectors. They can raise concerns in projects to speed up execution pic.twitter.com/evpnFh8xRx


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

— NIC (@NICMeity) October 18, 2018


Furthermore, candidates can make Login to complete the application process. Investors can also directly write to CM to raise their concerns regarding implementation of the projects. 
References
— Press Release in Himachal Pradesh – http://himachalpr.gov.in/PressRelease.aspx
— Contact CM Office – http://himpragati.nic.in/CMOffice/index.html
— In case of any difficulty, investors can contact at the helpline number : +91 177 2625400 or +91 177 2621154 or can send an e-mail at cm-hp[at]nic[dot]in
— For more details, visit the official website http://himpragati.nic.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has raised the financial assistance under Mukhyamantri Rajya Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana. Now, the state govt. would provide an assistance amount of Rs. 5 lakh instead of previous Rs. 30,000. CM Jai Ram Thakur has also launched 3 other health scheme namely Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Rahat Kosh Yojana, HP Universal Health Protection Scheme and Telemedicine scheme for Pangi in Chamba district. 
HP govt. has inaugurated OPD / IPD, Trauma Centre of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri government medical college, Ner Chowk and Nursing College at Ner Chowk in Mandi district. CM Jai Ram Thakur has also announced to open Atal Medical and Research University in Ner Chowk medical college. 
HP govt. has increased the monthly salary of contractual medical officers by Rs. 10,000 p.m and that of contractual specialist medical officers by Rs. 15,000 per month.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mukhamantri Rajya Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana in Himachal Pradesh
All the citizens of Himachal Pradesh will now get an enhanced assistance under Mukhyamantri Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana through 175 registered government and private health institutes. The financial assistance has been raised from an existing provision of Rs. 30,000 to 5 lakh for treatment in all these hospitals. This scheme will cover those beneficiaries who are not covered under Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) and other health protection schemes. 
CM Rajya Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana will include senior citizens above 80 years of age, single women (widow, divorced, abandoned, missing husband and unmarried), disabled persons with more than 70% disability, anganwadi workers / assistants, part-time employees, daily wage workers, contractual employees of Himachal pradesh and mid-day meal workers.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

People of the state would now get specialised medical and emergency services round the clock. The state govt. will provide financial assistance from Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Rahat Kosh to the patients who are not covered under social security pension scheme. 

मंडी प्रवास के दौरान मेडिकल कॉलेज नेरचौक में टेलीमेडिसिन सेंटर्स, बजट घोषणा के अनुरूप " मुख्यमंत्री चिकित्सा राहत कोष" योजना और यूनिवर्सल हेल्थ प्रोटेक्शन ( अतिरिक्त लाभ) योजना का शुभारंभ किया। इसके लिए प्रदेशवासियों को हार्दिक बधाई एवं शुभकामनाएं । pic.twitter.com/v8n624LSlI
— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) October 20, 2018

Under Himachal Pradesh Universal Health Protection Scheme, govt. will provide facility for free treatment upto Rs. 5 lakh to all the citizens. CM has also announced to provide Rs. 30 lakh for the construction of Mukhya Mantri Bhawan in Balh constitutency and to upgrade middle school Sarkidhar to high school. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Universal Health Protection Scheme to provide free treatment upto Rs. 5 lakh to all the citizens. CM Jai Ram Thakur launches the Ayushman Bharat – PM Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) in Himachal Pradesh to provide assistance for secondary and tertiary hospitalization without any restriction of age, family size and income. Interested candidates can visit the official website at https://hpuhps.com/
HP Chief Minister has also started 3 other schemes namely Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Raahat Kosh Yojana, Mukhya Mantri Rajya Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana and Telemedicine scheme for Pangi in Chamba district on 20 October 2018. 
Latest Update – Check Ayushman Bharat Yojana List of Hospitals to find PM Jan Arogya Yojana empanelled hospitals.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

At the launch event, CM has also inaugurated OPD / IPD, Trauma Centre of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri government medical college, Ner Chowk, and Nursing College at Ner Chowk in Mandi district.
Himachal Pradesh Universal Health Protection Scheme
Ayushman Bharat – PM Jan Arogya Yojana is a flagship scheme of the Modi govt. to provide health insurance coverage of Rs. 5 lakh to people from deprived sections. All those people whose name appears in the SECC 2011 list will get free insurance coverage of Rs. 5 lakh for secondary and tertiary hospitalization. Interested candidates can apply online at https://hpuhps.com/ for Universal Health Protection scheme. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

People can check their name in the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana final beneficiaries list and avail free treatment at 175 registered govt. and private empanelled hospitals in the state. This scheme is to ensure the vision of “Health for All” in the state. PMJAY scheme will be implemented in Himachal Pradesh in trust based mode and there is no enrollment required to avail the scheme benefits.
Universal Health Protection Scheme will subsume the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) in the state. Moreover, all those citizens who are not covered under this scheme will get included in the Mukhyamantri Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana in which they will get an increased assistance upto Rs. 5 lakh (previously Rs. 30,000). 

मेडिकल कॉलेज नेरचौक में टेलीमेडिसिन सेंटर्स,"मुख्यमंत्री चिकित्सा राहत कोष" योजना और यूनिवर्सल हेल्थ प्रोटेक्शन योजना के शुभारंभ के पश्चात यहाँ भारी जनसमूह को सम्बोधित किया ।स्थानीय जनता को हार्दिक बधाई ।#शिखरकीओरहिमाचल pic.twitter.com/SiwlMcuBzo
— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) October 20, 2018

The state govt. has also launched Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Rahat Kosh Yojana to provide financial assistance to the citizens who are not covered under the social security pension scheme and people will get specialised medical and emergency services round the clock. 
CM Jai Ram Thakur has also announced to open Atal Medical and Research University in Ner Chowk medical college. The state govt. will enhance the monthly pay of medical officers appointed on contract basis by Rs. 10,000 per month and that of specialist medical officers on contract basis by Rs. 15,000 per month.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched 4 new health schemes namely Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Raahat Kosh Yojana, Mukhya Mantri Rajya Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana, Himachal Pradesh Universal Health Protection Scheme and Telemedicine scheme for Pangi in Chamba district. HP govt. is going to provide assistance to patients who are not included in the social security pension scheme. 
CM Jai Ram Thakur has inaugurated OPD / IPD, Trauma Centre of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri government medical college, Ner Chowk and Nursing College at Ner Chowk in Mandi district. CM has also announced to open Atal Medical and Research University in Ner Chowk medical college. 
HP govt. is going to enhance the monthly pay of medical officers appointed on contract basis by Rs. 10,000 p.m and that of specialist medical officers on contract basis by Rs. 15,000 per month. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Raahat Kosh Yojana
Under Mukhyamantri Chikitsa Rahat Kosh Yojana, the citizens would be able to get 24*7 specialised medical and emergency services. The state govt. will provide financial assistance to all those patients who were not covered under the social security pension scheme.

"मुख्यमंत्री चिकित्सा राहत कोष योजना" शुरू करने के साथ योजना के तहत विभिन्न लाभार्थियों को निर्धारित राशि के चेक वितरित किए।मरीज व्यक्ति के उपचार के लिए केंद्र सरकार एवं हमारी प्रदेश सरकार ने कल्याणकारी योजनाएं शुरू की हैं। जनता से आग्रह है कि इन योजनाओं का भरपूर लाभ उठाएं। pic.twitter.com/PeQOLENTOz


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

— Jairam Thakur (@jairamthakurbjp) October 20, 2018

HP govt. will also facilitate the people by enhancing the assistance amount under Mukhyamantri Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana from Rs. 30,000 to Rs. 5 lakh. Now citizens can avail treatment under Mukhya Mantri Swasthya Dekhbhal Yojana at 175 registered government and private health institutes.
Under Himachal Pradesh Universal Health Protection Scheme, each person from economically weaker sections can avail free treatment upto Rs. 5 lakh in any govt. or private empanelled hospitals. 
HP CM has also laid the foundation stones of staff quarters of Civil hospital Sundernangar and an overhead foot bridge at Lalit chowk in Sundernagar. The state govt. will also provide digital X-Ray machines for the hospital and will enhance the bed capacity from 100 to 150 beds.
HP govt. will also spend Rs. 30 lakh for the construction of Mukhya Mantri Bhawan in Balh Constituency and upgrading Middle School Sarkidhar to High School.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. is going to provide free stainless steel water bottles to 90,000 govt. school students studying in class 9th in the state. This decision will discourage the usage of plastic bottles as the state govt. has imposed ban on the plastic items, thermocol plates, polythene & glasses. The initiative will be funded under Mukhya Mantri Vardi Yojana – free school uniform scheme. 
HP govt. has initiated the process of distribution of steel water bottles to IX class govt. school students. On 11 October 2018, CM will attend a high level meeting comprising of the officials of education, dept. of food & public distribution and dept. of environment. Govt. will purchase stainless steel water bottles through the medium of dept. of food and public distribution and environment dept. will allocate budget.
CM has made this announcement to distribute free steel water bottles on 5 June 2018 at the occasion of World Environment Day. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Free Steel Water Bottles for 90,000 Govt. School Students in HP
CM Jai Ram Thakur announced that free stainless steel water bottles would be provided to around 90,000 class IX students in govt. schools to discourage the use of plastic bottles. This decision is in accordance with the recent Himachal Pradesh plastic ban notification which impose ban on plastic bags, polythene, thermocol plates and plastic made glasses as these materials causes pollution. The state govt. has also banned plastic water bottles of less than one-litre capacity at official functions.
The state govt. has realized the severity of plastic bag usage in daily life and how it contributed in polluting the environment. The current water crisis has its roots in the usage of plastic and its discriminate dumping in rivers. This distribution of steel water bottles will ensure that plastic and thermocol usage is reduced which in turn would lead to reduction in pollution.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

This decision to provide free steel water bottles for 90k govt. school students will be implemented in phases. In the first phase, only class 9th students would be covered which would be extended to other classes in later phases. In the next phases, govt. will cover the students of other classes as well and dept. of education is preparing a proposal for that purpose. Department of food and public distribution will invite tenders for the purchase of stainless steel bottles.

पर्यावरण संरक्षण में प्लास्टिक की बोतल पर प्रतिबंध लगाने के ऐतिहासिक निर्णय के बाद अब माननीय मुख्यमंत्री @jairamthakurbjp जी के नेतृत्व में हिमाचल प्रदेश भाजपा सरकार प्रदेश के सरकारी स्कूलों में पढ़ रहे 90 हजार बच्चों को स्टील की बोतलें निःशुल्क उपलब्ध करवाएगी। pic.twitter.com/F8OfVqmTk6
— BJP Himachal Pradesh (@BJP4Himachal) October 7, 2018

There is a proposal to set up 10 solid waste management plants for scientific disposal of waste. A polythene shredder machine will also be installed in Sundernagar and Ghumarwin town. Recently, there was a severe shortage of water in Shimla due to pollution and degradation of water catchment areas, rivers and water bodies. So, pollution reducing plants would be developed in state nurseries and will be provided to the people for plantation. CM Jairam Thakur has also requested tourists visiting the state to use jute or paper bags instead of polythene bags. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has approved Dev Bhoomi Darshan Yojana for senior citizens to make them visit sacred places in the state. Under this scheme, all the senior citizens in the age group of 70 to 80 years will get 50% discount while travelling in buses to holy places. All the elderly citizens above 80 years will get 100% discount in buses i.e they will not have to pay any fare under Dev Bhumi Darshan Yojana. 
The state govt. has also approved to increase the old age pension amount for ex-servicemen or war widows from Rs. 500 to Rs. 3000. The state govt. has also approved to start Vigyan Gram Yojana in 5 districts. This scheme will start in Chamba, Kullu, Mandi, Shimla, Sirmaur districts in the state to boost agricultural production, non-farming activities and to preserve available resources. 
For water conservation and rainwater harvesting, govt. has started “Jal se Krishi Ko Bal Yojana”. The state govt. has allocated a budgetary provision of Rs. 250 crore for this scheme. To encourage tourism, govt. has started “Aaj Purani Raaho Se” Yojana. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Dev Bhoomi Darshan Yojana for Senior Citizens
The important features and highlights of Dev Bhumi Darshan Yojana are as follows:-

The state govt. will provide relief in travel expenses to senior citizens to enable them to visit sacred places in the state.
All the senior citizens between the age group of 70 to 80 years will get 50% discount in buses while travelling to dev bhumi.
In addition to this, senior citizens who are 80 years or above in age will get full 100% discount in bus travel. They will not have to bear any expense while travelling to holy places under Dev Bhoomi Darshan Yojana.
HP Dev Bhumi Darshan Yojana

Various other decisions were also taken in the cabinet meeting held on 24 September 2018. In Fire Department, govt. would fill 2 posts for station fire officers, 3 posts for driver-cum-pump operator, 20 firemen posts on contractual basis. In forest department, the state govt. has approved to fill 123 forest guards posts. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

A total number of 35 assistant professors / equivalent posts are approved for Dr. Y.S. Parmar University of Horticulture & Forestry. Honorarium for school teachers appointed by the School Management Committee is now increased by 20% per month and this amount is implemented w.e.f from 1 August 2018. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana – How Rural People can Earn MoneyTraining to Self Help Groups – HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi YojanaTypes of Herbs in Himachal Pradesh ForestsSetup of Herbal Medicine Cell under Zaika Project in Himachal Pradesh
Himachal Pradesh cabinet has approved HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana on 5 September 2018. Now the rural people can earn money and economic returns by growing medicinal plants. All the plants with medical capabilities (used in medicines) will now get their appropriate prices as per their medicinal value. In HP, there are 3400 types of medicinal plants and to grow these, govt. will provide 25% subsidy to rural people. 
Self Help Groups working at rural level with the help of locals will perform the task of taking medicinal plants out of the forests. For this, govt. will provide financial assistance upto Rs. 10,000.
The main aim to launch this scheme is to preserve and conserve such priceless herbs. These medicinal plants have a huge value due to their treatment capabilities. Moreover, rural people will be able to earn by growing and then selling it at market prices.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana – How Rural People can Earn Money
The important features and highlights of this HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana are as follows:-

HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana will ensure economic returns to rural households who are engaged in collecting and selling of Non-Timber forest produce which includes medicinal plants.
Moreover, govt. will focus on post harvest handling, value addition and marketing.
All the rural people will have to grow medicinal plants on their land. For this, the state govt. will provide 25% subsidy.
When all the herbs are prepared in the forest, then people will call Self Help Groups (SHGs) to take out the medicines.
For these medicines, all the people would get the appropriate prices similar to the market price of that particular herb.
Any person would not be able to take out or steal such medicines from the forests.
The main objective is to provide appropriate prices of the medicinal plants which are grown in the forests of the state. In addition to this, people can sell them at reasonable prices to earn money necessary for their survival.
Himachal Pradesh Jan Samriddhi Van Samriddhi Yojana

Himachal Pradesh state cabinet has approved this scheme on 5 September 2018. The state govt. is performing mapping of those 5 districts where such crucial and priceless medicinal plants are found. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Training to Self Help Groups – HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana
Forest department is going to provide Training to all Self Help Groups (SHGs) to take out herbs from the forests. They will get knowledge on the way and suitable timings to take out herbs. To grow medicinal plants, govt. will provide subsidy of upto 25%. The state govt. has decided to setup a Corpus Fund for this purpose.
Types of Herbs in Himachal Pradesh Forests
Himachal Pradesh is considered as a gem for the medical treatment. It has vast area covered with forests having a huge variety of herbs. As per the report of forest dept., the forests has 1038 species with around 3400 types of herbs which are priceless. These herbs has value in lakhs and can cure almost all the diseases. Some of these medicines are on the verge of extinction. HP Van Samridhi Jan Samridhi Yojana will help in preservation and conservation of these priceless herbs.
Setup of Herbal Medicine Cell under Zaika Project in Himachal Pradesh
Forest department is going to setup a new Herbal Medicine Cell under Zaika Project in Himachal Pradesh. The state govt. will provide technical information to the rural people. This will include the market prices and all the information will be sent to the Self Help Groups (SHGs) through SMS on their mobile phones.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched HP Akhand Shiksha Jyoti – Mere School Se Nikle Moti scheme to honour govt. school alumni. Under this scheme, names of old students would be written on ‘Roll of Honour board’ to be displayed in the respective schools to motivate students to work hard and excel in life. Himachal Pradesh is performing well in the field of education and the state has emerged as second state in the country after Kerala in highest literacy rate.
CM Jai Ram Thakur launches Akhand Shiksha Jyoti – Mere School Se Nikle Moti scheme from government senior secondary school Bagsiad, in Seraj area of Mandi district. Those students of Himachal Pradesh who have earned name in different walks of life will be honoured.
The chief minister also released the booklet on “Guidelines” on this scheme which is brought out by DIET Mandi.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Akhand Shiksha Jyoti – Mere School Se Nikle Moti Scheme
Himachal Pradesh has made a rapid stride in education as the state has educational institutions even in the remotest areas of state. CM has launched Akhand Shiksha Jyoti – Mere School Se Nikle Moti scheme in govt. school, Bagsiad, where once he was a student. Old students names would be written on the “Roll of Honour board” to motivate current batch students to take inspiration from these alumni.
CM announced metalling of roads which leads to the school and announced assistance of Rs. 10 lakh for expansion of school ground. A stadium is also going to be constructed in the school. CM announced Rs. 1 crore to construct an additional building in Bagsiad school and also announced 10 solar lights for Bagsiad bazaar.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state govt. will provide an assistance of Rs. 51000 for the school in his personal capacity. CM will also provide Rs. 31,000 from his discretionary fund for students performing cultural programme at the occasion. Schools and teachers plays a major role to shape careers of individuals and thus every individual needs to repay back to the institution as gratitude.
CM has also honoured the old students whose name was written on the “School Roll of Honour Board” under this scheme. This scheme aims to motivate students to work hard to achieve new heights in their life. Old students who have excelled in various fields should contribute for development and strengthening of their schools. 
Himachal Pradesh Medha Protsahan Yojana
The state govt. has started HP Medha Protsahan Yojana to provide coaching facility to 500 meritorious students to prepare for competitive exams like IAS, HAS, NEET, JEE,IIT etc. Under this scheme, govt. will provide Rs. 1 lakh to each student for coaching purposes. This scheme will strengthen institutions to contribute in shaping life of students of these institutions to perform better. 
HP govt. has also started nursery classes in govt. schools as it is felt that due to non-availability of nursery classes, parents were admitting their children in private schools. This scheme will motivate parents to admit their children in government schools.
CM has also provided free gas connections to the beneficiaries of Mukhyamantri Grahini Suvidha Yojana. GSY Scheme will result in women empowerment and also a pollution free environment in HP with an outlay of Rs. 12 crore. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

HP Yuva Aajeevika Yojana for Self Employment – Eligibility for LoanWorks for which Rs. 30 Lakh Loan For Self Employment will be GivenOther New Schemes in Himachal Pradesh Budget
Himachal Pradesh Govt. is going to launch a new scheme named “Yuva Aajeevika Yojana” for Self Employment. Under this scheme, govt. will provide an interest subsidy of 5% on Loans upto Rs. 30 Lakh to unemployed youths. This scheme will focus on job creation and will provide employment opportunities to berojgar youths. All the jobless candidates can avail this loan amount for any work of their choice. 
In this Youth Livelihood Mission, any entrepreneur will get 5% interest subsidy for 3 years on an investment upto Rs. 30 lakhs. For this purpose, govt. has allocated a budget of Rs. 75 crore. 
Panchayati Raj Department has already prepared the guidelines and has sent it to the state govt. for approval. After approval, the state govt. will implement this scheme across the state.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Yuva Aajeevika Yojana for Self Employment – Eligibility for Loan
Govt. has fixed the age limit for the candidates to avail Yuva Aajeevika Yojana benefits. All the candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria:- 

This scheme is applicable for all unemployed youths b/w age group of 18 to 35 years.
Applicant must be permanent resident of Himachal Pradesh.
There is no restriction on any beneficiary from either rural or urban area. Beneficiaries from both areas will have similar advantages.
This scheme will cover all the unemployed youths and there will be no discrimination on the basis of caste, colour, religion etc.

HP Rs. 30 Lakh Loan Self Employment Unemployed Youths
Govt. will provide 5% interest subsidy on loans upto Rs. 30 lakh to unemployed youths for next 3 years.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Works for which Rs. 30 Lakh Loan For Self Employment will be Given
Any beneficiary can take loans easily from banks to start their own business. This loan will be given as an encouragement for youths to become Retailers, Shop Owners and to start their own Dhaba, Restaurant, Tour Operator, Adventure Tourism and Traditional Crafts work.
Stamp Duty on purchase of Private Land is now reduced to 3% from previous 6%. Now if any person purchase land to start his / her own work, then he has to pay stamp duty at only 3%. Except Land and House Investment, govt. will provide 30% gratuity to 25% women on taking loans of upto Rs. 30 lakh with an interest subsidy of 5% for 3 years.
Other New Schemes in Himachal Pradesh Budget
— Mukhyamantri Yuva Swavalamban Yojana & Grahini Suvidha Yojana
— Nai Raahein Nai Manzilien Scheme





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Mukhyamantri Alpsankhyak Kalyan Yojana 2018. Under this scheme, HP govt. will provide financial assistance for the marriage of muslim girls, medical treatment to poor muslim families and to provide social security pension to old, widows and disabled people of minority communities. This amount will be given through the Waqf Board. 
The state govt. is committed for the welfare and development of minorities sections of the society. This would enable the minority section to get equal opportunities for development purpose. 
CM Jairam Thakur has made this announcement while addressing a gathering in Chamba after the launch of HP Mukhyamantri Alpsankhyak Kalyan Yojana on 6 August 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Mukhyamantri Alpsankhyak Kalyan Yojana 2018
The important features and highlights of this HP CM Minority Welfare Scheme are as follows:-

Marriage Grant to Muslim Girls (Rs. 25,000) – The state govt. is going to provide Rs. 25000 as marriage assistance for the girls belonging to the poor Muslim families.
Medical Treatment to Poor Muslim Families (Rs. 5,000) – HP govt. will provide financial assistance of Rs. 5000 for medical treatment of any poor Muslim family.
Social Security Pension to Old, Widow and Disabled Muslims (Rs. 400 p.m) – The state govt. will provide Rs. 400 per month as social security pension to old, widow and disabled people from Muslim community.

Minority people plays an important role in the overall development of the society. All the financial assistance would be provided to the beneficiaries through the Waqf Board.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Age Limit For Social Security Pension Reduced
Previously, the state govt. has also reduce the age limit to avail social security scheme benefits. The cabinet committee has decided that the age limit for Social Security Pension is now 70 years (previously 80 years). This decision has benefited around 1.3 lakh Old Age citizens. 
The state govt. is going to provide necessary facilities for Muslim Graveyard – Kabristan. HP govt. will allocate land to the Waqf Board to build new burial places where Muslims can be buried after their deaths. For this purpose, deputy commissioners have been asked to find adequate spaces. Some other important announcements were also made during the launch event of Mukhyamantri Alpsankhyak Kalyan Yojana in Himachal Pradesh. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

HP Saur Sinchai Yojana 2020How to Apply Online for HP Saur Sinchai YojanaList of Documents Required for HP Saur Sinchai YojanaSubsidy Amount on Solar Agriculture PumpsetsObjectives of HP Saur Sinchai YojanaSalient Features of HP Saur Sinchayee YojanaPradhan Mantri Sinchai Yojana in Himachal PradeshHP Vidyarthi Van Mitra Yojana
Himachal Pradesh government is implementing HP Saur Sinchai Yojana to double farmers income by 2022. The state govt. will provide Solar Pump Sets to farmers for agricultural / irrigation purposes. Under this scheme, govt. will provide 90% financial assistance to small and marginal farmers for purchase of pumpsets. Govt. will provide 80% subsidy to all individual medium and big farmers.
100% financial assistance will be given to a group of farmers of small and marginal category / Kisan Vikas Sanghs / Registered Body of farmers. Under this scheme, 5850 agricultural pumps will be made available to the farmers. The state govt. will also start Flow Irrigation Scheme with an outlay of 174 crore.
HP Saur Sinchai Scheme will ensure irrigation in 7152.30 hectares of farming land. This primary objective of this scheme is “Doubling Farmers Income by 2022”. The main aim is to increase the total output of agriculture and horticulture produce.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Saur Sinchai Yojana 2020
In the Himachal Pradesh state, govt. has started HP Saur Sinchai Yojana to enable farmers to do irrigation with the help of solar energy. For Saur Sinchayee Project, HP govt. has allocated Rs. 230 crore. The Detailed Project Report (DPR) has been approved by NABARD. In this scheme, farmers will get 80% to 100% subsidy on purchasing solar pump sets.
How to Apply Online for HP Saur Sinchai Yojana
Just like other states are inviting agricultural pump set scheme online application form, HP govt. will also started apply online process for Saur Sinchayee Yojana. People can now take benefits of Solar Agricultural Pump Set Scheme through their nearest Farmer Development Organization. Kisan Vikas Sangh will provide HP Saur Sinchai Yojana registration form. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Applicants will have to fill this Solar Pump Set Scheme application form along with documents as mentioned in the list below. Farmers can submit this form to the same Kisan Vikas Sangh and on subsequent approval, applicants will start getting Saur Sinchai Yojana benefits. For more details, applicants can visit the page through the link here – http://himachalpr.gov.in/PressReleaseByYear.aspx?Language=1&ID=12483&Type=2&Date=01/07/2018
List of Documents Required for HP Saur Sinchai Yojana
Residence CertificateAadhaar CardBank Account DetailsLand DocumentsVoter Identity Card
Subsidy Amount on Solar Agriculture Pumpsets
The subsidy amount on Solar Agriculture Pump Sets is mentioned in the table below:-
Subsidy AmountFarmers Category80%Individual & Big Farmers90%Small and Marginal Farmers100%Group of farmers of small and marginal category / Kisan Vikas Sanghs / Registered Body of farmersSubsidy Amount on Solar Agriculture Pumpsets
Objectives of HP Saur Sinchai Yojana
Earlier, farmers were using Diesel and Electricity pump sets for irrigation purposes with which the total input cost increases. Moreover, those irrigation projects which runs on electricity have also high input cost. The electricity cost is borne by the agriculture department of the Himachal Pradesh government. 
Salient Features of HP Saur Sinchayee Yojana
The important features and highlights of this Solar Agriculture Pumps Scheme are as follows:-
HP govt. will provide 5,850 agricultural pumpsets to farmers.On the purchase of new agriculture pump sets, each small and marginal farmer will get financial assistance of around 90% of the total cost.Moreover, all the medium and big farmers will get subsidy of 80% on the purchase of new agricultural pumpsets.The state govt. will implement this scheme with an outlay of Rs. 230 crore.Around 7152.30 hectares of land would be brought under assured irrigation.
Pradhan Mantri Sinchai Yojana in Himachal Pradesh
In the next 3 years, solar projects will be started in around 17,881 hectare land with an estimated cost of Rs. 338 crore under PM Sinchai Yojana. In this scheme, around 111 units would be setup. For this scheme, central govt. has already released Rs. 49 crore to the HP state government. 
In the Saur Sinchai Yojana, state govt. will provide solar agricultural pump sets to farmers. For HP Saur Sinchai Yojana, state govt. will spend Rs. 224 crore.
HP Vidyarthi Van Mitra Yojana
The state govt. has also started Vidyarthi Van Mitra Yojana to make students understand the value of forests and their role in protection of environment. They will have to perform an important task of participating in plantation of trees and to increase the forest cover.
Govt. has also started HP State Agriculture Mechanization Scheme with an outlay of Rs. 20 crore. Govt. will provide 50% subsidy on purchase of agricultural equipments. For complete details on the agricultural policies of the HP state government, applicants can click the link – http://farmer.gov.in/imagedefault/handbooks/FFH-2017HimachalPradesh-hindi.pdf





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Anubhav Yojana in Kullu district on 4 September 2018. Under this scheme, all the citizens can now Book Appointment with Doctors Online even while sitting at their home. This would be done on the basis of a Token System and people can fix their timings to meet doctors easily. The main tagline of this scheme is “One Step Towards Digital Health”. 
Now after the launch of Anubhav Yojana in the district, all the people will not have to stand in queue at the hospitals. Rather they can just book appointment (parchi) for OPD online. This would save lots of time which could have been wasted if the people stand in lines at the hospitals.
In the initial phase, the state govt. has started this facility for the Kullu district only. But soon it will be launched in other districts as well. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Anubhav Yojana – Book Appointment with Doctors Online
Under this scheme, people in Kullu district can avail Digital Health facilities and get appointment with doctors from their home. Under Anubhav Yojana, citizens can get e-receipt (parchi) to meet doctors by making online registrations through Asha workers or health workers of Rural health department. People can then meet the specialized doctor at the time fixed in the appointment and avail treatment for their disease.
Himachal Pradesh Anubhav Yojana Book Appointment Doctors Online
This will provide easy and timely access to proper treatment to the people and will ensure good health of the citizens. All the citizens who have made online registrations for appointment under Anubhav Yojana will also get an SMS. This SMS will be sent to confirm the appointment (date and timings) details. This scheme will benefit 4.5 lakh people in the Kullu district. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Anubhav Yojana will also assist people in case the date or timings to meet the doctor are changed. Then they will get the message (SMS) on their registered mobile number regarding the change in date or time. This scheme will enable people to take suggestions and advice from the doctors directly at their fixed timings without any delay.
It is a hassle free process and people will not have to roam here and there and make unnecessary visits at the hospitals to get treatment. CM Jai Ram Thakur has received a warm welcome from the people of Kullu district. On this occasion, Yunus (DC Kullu) and CMO Dr. Sushil Chandra along with other officers were present.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

HP Mukhyamantri Yuva Swavalamban Yojana 2020Himachal Pradesh Grahini Suvidha YojanaHimachal Pradesh Budget 2018-19 – List of Schemes
Himachal Pradesh government has decided to expand the coverage of HP Mukhyamantri Yuva Swavalamban Yojana 2020. In this MYSY scheme, govt. will promote self-employment opportunities for the youth and will encourage entrepreneurship. The state govt. has notified disbursal of subsidy under CM Yuva Swavalamban Scheme through nodal banks instead of treasury.
The state govt. in its cabinet meeting has approved the expansion of MYSY scheme which was firstly announced earlier in the Himachal Pradesh Budget 2018-19. For Yuva Swavalamban Yojana in HP, govt. will invite online registrations on the official website at https://www.emerginghimachal.hp.gov.in/.
The description of both CM Youth Self Dependent Scheme is given in this post. Moreover, the registration process is going to open soon. As soon the online registration begins, we will update it here.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HP Mukhyamantri Yuva Swavalamban Yojana 2020
The important features and highlights of this CM Yuva Swavalamban Yojana 2020 are as follows:-
All the unemployed youths between the age group of 18 to 35 years are eligible under this scheme.Jobless Youths will get subsidy of 25% on machinery on making investment of Rs. 40 lakhs in the industry for their livelihood.Jobless women will get subsidy of 30% on machinery on making investment of Rs. 40 lakhs in the industry for their livelihood.On Loans upto Rs. 40 lakhs, govt. will provide an interest subsidy of 5% for 3 years.Govt. will give its land to the youths on rent at just 1% rate.The govt. will reduce the stamp duty from 6% to 3% on the purchase of land.
This scheme will ensure that adequate self employment opportunities are created in the state to reduce the unemployment problem. Moreover, each youth will be self sufficient and will become a job creater rather than a jobseeker. The state govt. has made a provision of Rs. 80 crore for the successful implementation of this scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Himachal Pradesh Grahini Suvidha Yojana
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-
HP govt. will provide security amount to get a Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) connection and a gas stove to the poor families.All those households in the state who does not possess the LPG Gas Connections and are not covered under Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) will be covered under this scheme.The primary objective of this scheme is to provide LPG Gas connection facility to all the poor families for at-least 2 years.HP govt. has made a budgetary provision of Rs. 12 crore for the implementation of this scheme.
Govt. also increases the honorarium of officials of Panchayati Raj Institutions. The honorarium for Zila Parishad chairman is increased from Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 11,000 and other members from Rs. 3,500 to Rs. 4,500 per month. Moreover, the anganwari workers will get an honorarium of Rs 4,750, anganwari workers will get Rs. 2,400 and mini anganwari workers will get Rs. 3,300 p.m.
Himachal Pradesh Budget 2018-19 – List of Schemes
Here is the complete List of Schemes as announced by the CM in Budget 2018-19:-
List of HP Welfare SchemesMukhyamantri Lok Kalyan Bhawan Yojana (मुख्यमंत्री लोक कल्याण भवन योजना)Jal Se Krishi Ko Bal Yojana (जल से कृषि को बल योजना)Solar Sinchayee Yojana (सौर सिंचाई योजना)Prakritik Kheti, Khushal Kisan (प्राकृतिक खेती, खुशहाल किसान)Bhagwani Suraksha Yojana (बागवानी सुरक्षा योजना)Himachal Pushp Kranti Yojana (हिमाचल पुष्प क्रांति योजना)Mukhyamantri Madhu Vikas Yojana (मुख्यमंत्री मधु विकास योजना)Van Samridhi, Jan Samriddhi Yojana (वन समृद्धि, जन समृद्धि योजना)Samudayik Van Samvardhan Yojana (सामुदायिक वन संवर्धन योजना)Vidyarthi Van Mitra Yojana (विद्यार्थी वन मित्र योजना)Yuva Vigyan Puraskar Yojana (युवा विज्ञान पुरस्कार योजना)New Best City Plan (नई श्रेष्ठ शहर योजना)Nayi Raahein, Nayi Manzilein (नई राहें, नई मंजिलें)Mukhyamantri Yuva Aajeevika Yojana (मुख्यमंत्री युवा आजीविका योजना)Himachal Sadak Sudhar Yojana (हिमाचल सड़क सुधार योजना)Mukhyamantri Adarsh Vidya Kendra Yojana (मुख्यमंत्री आदर्श विद्या केंद्र योजना)Akhand Shiksha Jyoti, Mere School Se Nikle Moti (अखंड शिक्षा ज्योति, मेरे स्कूल से निकले मोती)Medha Protsahan Yojana (मेधा प्रोत्साहन योजना)Aaj Purani Raaho Se (आज पुरानी राहों से)Dev Bhumi Darshan (देव भूमि दर्शन)Swasthya Mai Sahbhagita Yojana (स्वास्थ्य में सहभागिता योजना)Mukhyamantri Nirog Yojana (मुख्यमंत्री निरोग योजना)Mukhyamantri Aashirwad Yojana (मुख्यमंत्री आशीर्वाद योजना)Sashakt mahila Yojana (सशक्त महिला योजना)Gram Gaurav Patt (ग्राम गौरव पट्ट) 
HP Cabinet also approved 333 posts on contract basis for different categories in National Health Mission.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Nutrition Scheme for HIV Positive children. Under this scheme, all the youths up to 18 years of age will get nutrition supplements to boost their immunity. Accordingly, all the children who are tested positive for HIV can avail the benefits of this scheme.
This scheme will enable HIV affected children to lead a normal and healthy life. Himachal CM has launched this initiative on an awareness campaign organized by HP State AIDS Control Society.
Furthermore, HP govt. is also going to make HIV testing of every expectant mother compulsory from current Financial Year. It is necessary as the number of AIDS cases has increased to 5700 in HP state. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Himachal Pradesh Nutrition Scheme
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

This nutrition scheme will provide nutrition supplements to the children tested HIV positive.
Subsequently, CM launches this scheme for HIV affected children during a state level awareness campaign on the occasion of National Youth Day.
Accordingly, it will boost immunity of 400 HIV positive youths up to 18 years of age.
In addition to this, govt. will provide assistance to such children for a better and healthy life.
Furthermore, every expectant mother will have to compulsorily pass the HIV Test so that the virus does not get transmitted to the baby.

AIDS is a serious concern for the state govt. as the number of cases had risen to 5700 in the previous year. Moreover, govt. will lay special emphasis on spreading awareness about this disease at village level in rural and remote areas. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Health dept. along with the help of NGOs and individuals must supplement the efforts to create awareness about HIV. Accordingly, govt. will start an awareness campaign in various schools and colleges. In addition to this, special focus is on organizing plays, street shows to effectively communicate with the masses.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Mother’s Absolute Affection Scheme for pregnant and lactating mothers. Mother’s Milk in the first hour of birth and exclusive breastfeeding for first 6 months thereafter is very important for children well being. MAA Programme 2018 under National Health Mission will create awareness in the general public and this breastfeeding programme will also reduce under 5 mortality rate of children.
Breastfeeding is a natural, low cost and important intervention and every child must have access to it. MAA Programme targets at pregnant and lactating mothers through trained healthcare providers and skilled community health workers. 
As per the reports data, around 13% of children death occurs due to poor breastfeeding. MAA programme will create a suitable eco-system to provide proper info. to mothers, husbands and other family members.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Components of MAA Programme 2018
The important component of Mother’s Absolute Affection Programme in Himachal Pradesh are as follows:-

Community awareness generation.
Strengthening inter personal communication through ASHA.
Skilled support for breastfeeding at delivery points in public health facilities.
Monitoring and Award/recognition.
Maa Programme PDF Components

Breastfeeding is helpful in creation of special bond between baby and mother. Mother’s milk also improves behaviour, speech, security and how child relates to other people. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

MAA Programme 2018 in HP – National Health Mission
All the national health indicators like Infant Mortality Rate (IMR), Maternal Maternity Rate (MMR), Total Fertility Rate (TFR) and under five mortality rate shows decline in the previous years. Health Ministry ‘Strategic approach to Reproductive Maternal, Newborn, Child and Adolescent health (RMNCH+A) is focusing on all life stages. Breastfeeding prevents children from disease, poverty and death and will bring physical and social development.
Husband and other family members must support women for breastfeeding which will provide essential nutrients to child. MAA Programme 2018 will focus on efforts to promote, protect and support optimal breastfeeding and will also provide counselling on child feeding through health systems. As per official data, early breastfeeding will prevent 20% newborn deaths and 13% under 5 children deaths. 
This sensitization programme involves allopathic, doctors, Ayush Doctors, Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs), Anganwadi Workers (AWs) to implement proper breastfeeding. Candidates can see more details on Mother’s Absolute Affection Scheme through the link – MAA Programme PDF 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Himachal Pradesh Government is implementing the Senior Citizen Health Insurance Scheme (SCHIS) in the state. The objective of this insurance scheme is to provide easy access to various health services by providing an insurance cover to all senior citizen (above the age of 60 years).
Under Senior Citizen Health Insurance Scheme (SCHIS), the government will provide top-up coverage of up to Rs. 30,000 per senior citizen in the state. This scheme will cover all senior citizens who are the smart card holders of Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna (RSBY). Moreover, if there are more than 1 senior citizen in a RSBY rolled family, the additional insurance coverage in multiples of Rs. 30,000 per senior citizen will be provided on floater basis.
In other words, if there are two senior citizens in a family then cover of Rs. 60,000 would be accessible on a floater basis to each the senior citizen.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Highlights of Senior Citizen Health Insurance Scheme (SCHIS)
Below are some of the main features / highlights of the SCHIS

The benefit of SCHIS is available to senior citizen (above 60 years).
The candidate should be Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna (RSBY) smart card holder.
The beneficiary has to pay only a nominal annual premium for SCHIS which is up to Rs. 500 per family.
Moreover, Central and State government will share the insurance premium in the ratio of 90:10 under the Trust Model.
In addition, the state government will not issue any separate enrollment process. The beneficiary will be selected only among the smart card holders of RSBY.
The beneficiary can take health care services by showing their health card into any of the RSBY empaneled hospitals.
All the financial transactions between government and insurance company will be done through bank channel. Apart from this, the unspent fund will be refunded at the closing of the financial year.

The candidates can check the name of nearly hospital by clicking on the below link
RSBY Empaneled hospitals


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Surgical Packages List
Ministry of health and Family Welfare has prepared a separate list of the surgical packages that costs more than Rs 30,000. Below given is the list of those packages



Surgical Oncology
Cardiothoracic Surgery


Poly-Trauma and Repair
Neuro Surgery


Medical Oncology
Cardiology


Burns
Cardiovascular Surgery



The beneficiary can avail cashless treatment in any of the RSBY empaneled hospitals under Senior Citizen Health Insurance Scheme (SCHIS). Moreover, the government is also providing two additional covers that will be compensated from existing top-up of RSBY for critical care up to Rs. 1.75 lakh in addition up to Rs. 2.25 lakh for cancer. 
The trust/ society will receive the claims directly from the hospitals. Subsequently, these trusts will settle these claims on the basis of the package rates defined by the Central govt. Furthermore, state govt. will borne the expenses for IEC and other certain expenses.
The Trust Model will get all claims directly from the hospitals, not to the beneficiary and will settle claims in accordance with the defined package rates.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The govt. of Himachal Pradesh has launched “Electronic Health Card Scheme” in the state. The vision of scheme is to provide ‘LIVEWIRE’ that connect patients and their family members with the hospitals for cure of diseases.
Under Universal Immunization Programme (UIP), the state govt. also announced a new scheme that provide free insulin to diabetic patients below 18 years of age in all districts of HP state. After the launching of the scheme Himachal Pradesh has become first state in South East Asia region to do so.
The candidates could download health card app from google app store by searching its name “Health Card HP”. This app provide all facilities and information regarding electronic health card. To install and login on this app, follow the below mentioned procedure.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Download & Use ‘Health Card HP’ Android App
STEP 1: Go to Google play store in your android phone or visit the URL https://play.google.com.
STEP 2: Search for “Health Card HP” or click this link.
STEP 3: Then click on “INSTALL”.
STEP 4: The app will be downloaded and installed in your android phone.
STEP 5: Make your login as service provider or as an individual.
STEP 6: Now choose one option from ‘Aadhaar Card’, ‘UID’ and ‘Mobile Number’
STEP 7: Enter necessary information
STEP 6: Now to use all the functions of this application.
Health Card HP App
The Chief minister of the state has also launched more new health schemes along with electronic health card scheme. The main purpose of the schemes is to bring improvement in health and provide timely delivery of services to patients across the state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

List of New Health Scheme

A health bulletin brochure
HP Universal Health Protection Scheme
Free treatment of Hemophiliac patients
Measles Rubella (MR) campaign
Free insulin to diabetic patients

Under the Universal Heath Scheme, state government will cover all citizens belonging to Himachal Pradesh. The scheme would strengthen the health services in the state.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh govt. has launched Nai Raahein Nai Manzilien Scheme to diversify tourism. Under this scheme, the state govt. of HP will identify unexplored and untapped tourist destinations. This scheme will promote tourism in these tourist places located across the countryside particularly focusing on rural areas. The total budgetary allocation of Nai Rahen Nai Manzil Scheme is Rs. 50 crore. 
CM Jai Ram Thakur has made this announcement while presiding over the Review Meeting of Himachal Pradesh Tourism Department. HP govt. will select circuits for infrastructure development and will carry out various developmental works in these circuits under Nai Rahen Nai Manzil Scheme. 
In addition, govt. will develop one particular destination in every selected circuit as an ideal and unique tourist destination. This will attract tourists fro different places which in turn will diversify tourism.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Himachal Pradesh Nai Raahein Nai Manzilien Scheme Circuits
Tourism Dept. has prepared 9 circuits under Nai Rahen Nai Manzil Scheme 2018. The names of these 9 circuits are as follows:-

Jogindernagar-Barot-Kothi Kohar-Rajgungja-Bir-Billing
Sundernagar-Chail Chowk-Kamru Nag-Shikari Devi-Janjheli
Shimla-Khara Pathar-Rohru-Sandasu-Larot-Chanshal-Dodra Kwar
Dhauladhar Circuit
Buddhist Circuit
Bhakra-Bilaspur-Sundernagar-Jogindernagar-Pong Dam
Solan-Habban-Rajgarh-Shillai
Manali-Rohtan-Tandi-Udaipur-Killar
Narkanda-Baghi-Khadrala-Chini (Kalpa)-Pangi Circuit

A committee of Tourism, PWD, Forests, Language, Art and Culture Officers will make a visit to the selected circuits. This committee will propose the activities which needs to be carried out in these circuits after consulting the local panchayats and other stakeholders.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Works / Activities – HP Nai Rahen Nai Manzil Scheme
HP govt. will carry out various developmental activities in these unexplored and untapped tourist places to diversify tourism. Infrastructure development and other facilities will be the primary focus. These activities are as follows:- 


Parks
Toilets
Rain Shelters
Street Paths
Solid Waste Improvement


Walking Trails
Beautification of Temples
Landscaping
Sarais
Community Halls


Trekkers Hostel
Roads Widening
Signals & Traffic Directions
Parkings
Lighting & Dustbins


The state govt. will encourage Home Stays through private parties, Nature Walks, Eco-Trails, Treks, Hikes, Trips to Orchards etc.
He said that this would also generate employment opportunities by way of promotion of local cuisines, Folk artist, Local Artisans, Tour Guides, Eco-Guides, Adventure Guides etc.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Himachal Pradesh has started the initiative of providing quality food at very low cost under the scheme named as Rajiv Thali Yojana. Under a similar scheme named as “Amma Canteens”, Tamil Nadu government is providing subsidy on food. But Rajiv Thali Yojana is different from Amma Canteens, through this scheme, the government is providing a thali (Plate of food) with two rotis, a bowl of dal, sabzi and rice at just Rs. 25.
A plan is being introduced by the government to provide food under this scheme at all the bus stands in the state. The idea of introducing the scheme on bus stands was given by transport minister of Himachal Pradesh, G S Bali. Once the scheme is implemented at bus stands, the passengers traveling by Himachal Road Transport Corporation (HRTC) buses, will not face the problems of getting food from overcharging dhabas where buses halted during the journey.
Rajiv Thali Yojana
After the success of Rajiv Thali Yojana, the concerned department is targeting to provide quality food the passengers of Volvo buses. The price of a single thali would be bit higher for Volvo bus passengers. The department is working on the task of identifying the places where the facility could be stated for Volvo buses.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

HRTC minster said that, initially, it was difficult for the transport department to find contractors to run the scheme who saw no or marginal profit. In the beginning, nobody had come forward, forcing us to issue the advertisement twice. But now the situations has been changed as they tied-up with unemployed youth and cooperative societies to run the canteens.
As per the information, if a person sells 500 thali in a day then he would save Rs. 2 per plate and his daily income would be Rs. 1,000. In the beginning the main target of Rajiv Thali Yojana at identified bus stands is to end the complaints of overcharging at dhabas. To keep the price of a thali nominal, the government is providing only required infrastructures to run the scheme. Besides, to ensure the food quality at these canteens, HRTC has provided space and HP Civil Supplies Corporation provides utensils under CSR initiative.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Apart from providing food at nominal rates, drinking water packages are also being provided to the customers at Rs. 5 on no-profit basis. Officials of HP Civil Supplies Corporation and HRTC have been assigned a task of ensuring the quality of food in these canteens.
Rajiv Thali Yojana is currently active in few bus stands including, Palampur and Dharamshala of Kangra district, Una and Mandi while it would be made available at identified bus stands of remaining nine districts shortly.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017 Application FormsEligibility for Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017
Himachal Pradesh Government has launched “Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017” in the state on the occasion of 70th foundation day of Himachal Pradesh. The government along with the Unemployment Allowance Scheme, the government has also decided to reduce the time period for regularization of contract based employees from earlier 5 years to 3 years.
The chief Minister of HP marked the launch of the unemployment allowance scheme by distributing the cheques of Rs. 1000 to ten beneficiaries during the event organized at Chamba. The unemployment allowance scheme was announced by the state government in 2016-17 budget speech.
Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017
Under the scheme, the state government would provide unemployment allowance of Rs. 1000 per month to every unemployed youth who have passed at least intermediate. Rs. 1500 per month would be provided to such unemployed youth with disability. The Allowance shall be credited to the recipient by RTGS/NEFT/ECS through Banks as mentioned in Application Form, on monthly basis at the cost of the Government.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state government has decided to launch the unemployment allowance scheme in order to financially help the youth to get skill training and get jobs. The state government is also working towards providing the skill training to such youth and generate employment for them.
Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017 Application Forms
An educated unemployed applicant may make an application on his/her being eligible for the grant of Allowance along with documents mentioned in application form ‘A’ to that Employment Exchange in H.P., where his/her name is registered.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

A duly completed application form may be sent by post or be delivered at that Employment Exchange in H.P., where his/her name is registered.
After the initial filing of claim in the prescribed form ‘A’, every claimant to the Allowance shall be required to submit Affidavit/Self Declaration as per form’C’, in the subsequent month of March to the Employment Exchange where his/her name is registered.
Download: Application Form for Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017
Processing of Applications
The Employment Exchange will thoroughly scrutinize applications received under Section 7 and decide with regard to the admissibility of the Allowance to the applicant, within 45 days and in case the claim is inadmissible, suitable orders shall be issued under intimation to the applicant. – as per form ‘D’
If applicant is aggrieved by any decision intimated to her/him under sub-rule (a), she/he may file an appeal to the Director whose decision thereon shall be final.
Eligibility for Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017
An educated unemployed applicant shall be eligible for the grant of Unemployment Allowance, who fulfills the following criteria:

She/he should be unemployed (should not be employed in Govt. sector or in PSUs or in private sector or self employed) and should be a Bonafide Himachali.
She/he should have passed minimum 10+2 from any Board/University/Institution recognized by H.P. Govt.
She/he should be registered with any Employment Exchange in Himachal Pradesh as on the date of application since 1 year.
Her/his annual family income for the Financial Year immediately preceding date of application, from all sources including that of spouse should be less than Rs. 2.00 Lakh (Rs. Two Lakhs).
She/he should be above 20 years and below 35 years of age, as on the date of application.
She/he should not be self-employed.
She/he should not be a dismissed Govt. employee.
She/he should not be convicted of any offence resulting in imprisonment for a period of 48 hours or more.
She/he should not be a regular student pursuing any course.
She/he should not be availing Skill Development Allowance.

The detailed information about the Unemployment Allowance Scheme 2017 is available at the official website at below link
Detailed Information
Or you can also visit the official website of Employment Exchange of HP at http://eemis.hp.nic.in/ for more information about the scheme.
The government has already started Rs. 500 Crore skill development scheme in the state under which skill development allowance has been provided to about 1,52,000 youth. The government has also setup “Kaushal Vikas Nigam” to implement the skill development project and provide employment to about 65,000 youth by upgrading the skill infrastructure.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh Government has launched a new scheme for the new industrial startup seeking the exempt of new units from inspection for up to 3 years. The scheme has been launched in order to promote new ideas, products, and processes for commercialization and industry.
State government under the CM startup scheme will provide liberal and financial assistance of up to Rs. 30 Lakh per per incubator organization per year up to a period of three years. Incubator organizations designed to promote growth of start–up units and having physical space, coaching and mentor facilities will be provided these assistance.
Under the scheme, the government would accept self attested certificates for all official purposes in order to ease the whole process for startups. Self attested certificates will help startup units sustain and work without formalities and obstacles.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Main Benefits of CM Startup Scheme
Below are some of the main benefits being provided to startup industries 

No inspection of new industrial units for three years.
Liberal and financial assistance to incubator organizations.
Self-attested certificates enough for official formalities.
Strengthened single window system for approval of industry.
Reduced stamp duty by 3 percent for start-up units.
Allotment of plots on 50 per cent of rates as fixed by the industries department.

Himachal Pradesh government is already doing a lot for the ease of doing business in the state. After this new scheme, the state aims to be counted in top 10 states of the nation for ease of doing business.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Himachal Pradesh has announced to build about 12000 houses under the Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana within the current financial year. The scheme has been started to provide financial assistance for houses to the poor belonging to general category in the state.
Two more schemes named “Indira Awas Yojana” which was recently re-named to Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin and Atal Awas Yojana are already running in the state to provide homes to under-privileged families. The state government has set a target to build 1923 affordable homes under the Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana alone within the current financial year. The government has also increased the financial assistance amount under Atal & Indira Awas Yojana from Rs. 48,500 to Rs. 75,000.
Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana for BPL Families
The state government is providing a financial assistance of rupees 75,000 under Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana. Under this scheme the government would financially help 1923 BPL (Below Poverty Line) families belonging to the general category for construction of houses. A budget of rupees 25 crore has been earmarked by HP government for the implementation of Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state government has already built 13808 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin with a budget of rupees 108.37 crore. 3363 houses were constructed under Rajiv Awas Yojana with a budget of Rupees 33 crore. Another 1515 houses are also being constructed in the current financial year.
13 Cities of the state have been selected under the first phase of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana including Shimla, Solan, Nahan, Bilaspur, Hamirpur, Una, Mandi, Kullu, Dharamshala, Chamba, Parwanu, Baddi and Nalagarh. Remaining 41 cities will be selected under the second phase of the scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

In order to ensure economic and social security for the poor families belonging to general category, the state government would be providing financial assistance to construct home under the Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana. The financial assistance under the scheme would be provided under National Livelihood Mission of Central Government.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh Government has approved a new scheme for teachers employed in Government schools. Named as Mukhya Mantri Shikshak Samman Yojana (MMSSY), the scheme is aimed at motivating the teachers for giving 100% results consistently. The scheme was approved by the state cabinet on 10th November 2016.
Mukhya Mantri Shikshak Samman Yojana – Objective
The main objective of Mukhya Mantri Shikshak Samman Yojana is to motivate teachers to give better performance and improve the education level in the state. Scheme would be applicable to all trained graduate teachers (TGT), post graduate teachers (PGT), headmasters and principals.
The scheme has been launched by the state government after being concerned over the poor results of students and falling learning levels.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Facilities under Mukhya Mantri Shikshak Samman Yojana
Under the new scheme, if a teacher achieves 100% result for five years consistently, he/she will be given one year extension in service along with incentives.
The scheme is expected to bring in motivation in the teachers and improvement in overall learning levels in the state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Government of Himachal Pradesh has launched a new scheme for development of roads to connect villages across the state. The government has announced the new scheme named as Mukhya Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana in the financial budget 2016-17.
Under the Mukhya Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, the state government will develop road connectivity between villages/habitations and cities. The state government received grievances regarding partial connectivity due to non-construction of end roads penetrating into the heart of habitations.
The state government has launched the new scheme in order to provide better and easy facility to the villages and reduce the lifestyle and economic development gap between cities and villages.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state government has set aside Rs. 50 Crore for the Mukhya Mantri Sadak Yojana for the financial year 2016-17.
The state government has also approved the second phase of the Himachal Pradesh Road Project worth Rs. 3220 Crore.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Government of Himachal Pradesh has launched a new loan scheme for all the Himachali students. The government has announced the new scheme named as Mukhya Mantri Gyandeep Yojana in the financial budget 2016-17.
Under the Mukhya Mantri Gyandeep Yojana, the state government will provide interest subvention of 4 percent to all Himachali Students availing education loan upto Rs 10 lakh.
The state government has launched the new loan scheme in order to encourage deserving and meritorious students pursuing professional/technical and higher education courses in recognised institution in the country.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under this scheme, interest subvention of 4 percent would be given to all Himachali Students availing educational loan from banks upto Rs. 10 lakh irrespective of income level.
Eligibility criteria, how to apply and more details about the scheme are not yet out but will be available very soon. Keep visiting this page for more information about the Mukhya Mantri Gyandeep Yojana Loan Scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh Government has announced Mukhya Mantri Vardi Yojana for students of 10+2 class. Under the Mukhya Mantri Vardi Yojana, the students of 10+2 will be provided uniform by the state government.
The scheme is expected to benefit 1.34 lakh students across the state. Uniform to 10+1 students will also be provided.
Mukhya Mantri Vardi Yojana is one of the several new initiatives announced by the Government of Himachal Pradesh in 2016-17 financial budget.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

More details about Mukhya Mantri Vardi Yojana are not available yet, keep visiting this page for latest updated and developments about the scheme.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

 




(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Himachal Pradesh Government has announced a new housing scheme named as “Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana” in the Budget 2016-17. The scheme has been launched to provide affordable housing for people belonging to the BPL (Below Poverty Line).
Subsidy Under Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana
Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana is aimed to provide housing subsidy of Rs. 75 thousands to each BPL family in general category. The housing subsidy will be given upon buying/building a new home.
The new housing scheme has an outlay of Rs. 25 Crore for the financial year 2016-17. The State Government has been providing housing subsidy to SC/ST and BPL families under Indira Awas Yojna, Rajiv Awas Yojna and under Scheduled Caste Component Plan. In the past, houses have been constructed mainly of BPL families of SC STs. The BPL families of General Category have not got sufficient houses, hence the need of new scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

New scheme named as ‘Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojana’ will be started from 2016-17 under which BPL families of General categories will be covered.
The state government has proposed to construct 12 thousand houses with an investment of Rs. 97 crore, under various housing schemes during 2016-17.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF

