
Mizoram govt. has launched Parking House Support Scheme (PAHOSS) to give a major thrust to address growing problem of traffic jam in the state capital. This is a first-of-its-kind initiative to tackle traffic congestion in Aizawl city. Under this PAHOSS scheme, the state govt. will provide financial assistance to private, recognized NGOs and local councils in order to construct parking lots at various suitable locations within the city.
CM Zoramthanga has launched new Parking House Support Scheme to provide financial assistance of Rs. 1 lakh for construction of parking houses on 6 February 2019. Through this scheme, the state govt. aims to have one of the lowest records of traffic congestion.
For the previous few years, Aizawl city is facing a massive traffic congestion problem due to an increase in the number of vehicles.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mizoram Parking House Support Scheme 2019
Now the state govt. of Mizoram will give Rs. 1 lakh assistance to private, recognised NGOs and local councils to construct parking lots under Parking House Support Scheme 2019. These new parking spaces will have a maximum capacity of 18,000 vehicles while the existing parking areas offers space to only 4,500 vehicles which leads to traffic jam in peak hours. 
Moreover, there are only a few parking lots in the city of Aizawl which causes traffic congestion. So by providing parking space to more vehicles in the city, the issue of traffic jam can be resolved. The idea behind the launch of PAHOSS scheme in Mizoram was that the problem of traffic snarl could be addressed by a comprehensive and system provision of parking in the capital which would also includes private participation.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under this Parking House Support Scheme in Mizoram, govt. will provide assistance in the form of grant-in-aid for construction of car parking at the rate of Rs 1 lakh per every light motor vehicle or every six two-wheeler vehicles. Any Private, recognized NGOs or local councils who wishes to construct parking lot for minimum 5 light motor vehicles (LMV) would be eligible to avail assistance. This assistance amount under PAHOSS would be released in 3 installments.
Mizoram PAHOSS Scheme 2019 will also have a provision that parking fee would be collected by the owners as per the rates fixed by the Aizawl Municipal Corporation (AMC) on a timely basis. An executive committee headed by state chief secretary is going to approve and sanction the assistance amount of Rs. 1 lakh. CM also calls for public participation towards solving massive traffic congestion problem through positive means.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना 2019-2020 ऑनलाइन पंजीकरण और आवेदन प्रधामंत्री आवास योजना की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट pmaymis.gov.in पर उपलब्ध हैं। जानें प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना के फायदे, पात्रता और अन्य जानकारी

Table of Contents

PM Awas Yojana Online Application Forms 2020PMAY EligibilityTake Printout of Online Application Form of PMAYPMAY Online Application Edit/Change/Update
pmaymis.gov.in – PMAY Online Application Forms 2020 | PMAY Online Registration CSC | Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Online Application Form 2020
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 2020 online application forms are being accepted through the official website of PM Awas Yojana at pmaymis.gov.in. The online application process for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is very simple and here we will guide you on how to fill online application forms for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 2019-2020 through pmaymis.gov.in.
The online registration process for PM Awas Yojana is very simple, you just need to make sure that you are entering the correct information. If you are eligible to apply for PMAY, you can follow the below step by step PMAY online application procedure along with screenshots.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

LATEST UPDATE: Online applications for the PM Awas Yojana have been started again after the general elections 2019. Below is the complete procedure to apply online for PMAY-U.
The central government has recently extended the timeline to avail the interest subsidy on home loans under CLSS component of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban by 15 Months. However the PMAY Last Date has been extended for the MIG applicants only.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM Awas Yojana Online Application Forms 2020
Below is the complete step by step procedure to apply online for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban through the official website.
STEP 1: Open the official website of PMAY at pmaymis.gov.in and select one of the two options of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana application from “Citizen Assessment” menu, as given in the below screenshot.
PMAY HFA Urban Online Registration
You have to select one of the two links as per the following criteria
– If you are currently living in slum area, then select “For Slum Dwellers” otherwise select “Benefits under other 3 Components” from the drop down menu.
OR You can directly click the following links to apply online for PMAY
For Slum Dwellers: https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Check_Aadhar_Existence.aspx?comp=a
For benefits under other 3 Components: https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Check_Aadhar_Existence.aspx?comp=b
STEP 2: On the next page as seen below, you will have to enter your Aadhar number or Virtual ID and Name as per Aadhar Card and click the “Check” button.
PMAY Urban Apply Online Aadhaar Virtual ID Name
STEP 3: If your Aadhar number is correct, a new page will open which will look like the below image. If your Aadhar number is incorrect, try again by entering your correct Aadhar number. If you do not have Aadhar number, you will not be able to apply for PMAY.
PMAY Online Application Form | Source: pmaymis.gov.in
STEP 4: Fill the details correctly including your personal details, contact details, current residential address, Aadhar Number, Bank Account details and income details in the application form.
STEP 5: Click the checkbox which says “I am aware of….” and then click the “Save” Button at the end of application form.
PMAY Online Application Form Submit | Source: pmaymis.gov.in
STEP 6: Once you click “Save”, you will see a new screen where a system generated application number will be given to you, you can either print this directly if a printer is attached with your computer or save it for your future reference.
Your application is now complete. You can track status of PMAY application on the same website at pmaymis.gov.in.
PMAY Eligibility
Before applying for PM Awas Yojana online, please make sure that
– You are eligible to apply for the scheme (Check your name in the PMAY beneficiary list).
– You have your Aadhar Number with you, Aadhar is mandatory for PMAY online application.
– Your computer is connected to a reliable internet connection.
– You have the details of your saving bank account with you.
– You have the actual details of your household income.
Eligibility PM Awas Yojana
Take Printout of Online Application Form of PMAY
You can take a printout of the PMAY online application form filled by you by entering your name, father name & ID type or just the application number. Click the link below to take print out of PMAY application form.
https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Print_Application_By_applicationNo.aspx
The PMAY HFA Urban print assessment form page by application number will appear as shown below:-
PMAY Urban Online Application Form Print Name Mobile No.
People can also take printout of their PMAY Urban application form online through assessment ID which will appear as below:-
PMAY Urban Online Application Form Print Assessment ID
PMAY Online Application Edit/Change/Update
After submission of online application form on pmaymis.gov.in, you can also edit the details just by entering your application number and Aadhar number. The facility has been provided to the applicants in case they entered any detail incorrectly or wish to change their contact details.
PMAY Urban Apply Online Form Edit Update
To change or update the information of your PMAY application, please visit this link.
https://pmaymis.gov.in/Open/Format_A_B_Edit.aspx
Online applications for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana are also being invited through Common Service Centers, to know the procedure to apply through CSC, please follow the links below
IN ENGLISH: Apply Online for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban) through CSC 
IN HINDI: प्रधान मंत्री आवास योजना के लिए ऑनलाइन आवेदन कैसे करें – पूरी जानकारी
NOTE: These applications for PMAY are being invited by Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation for assessment purpose, the final approval to the application would be given by State Government / Urban Local Body.
See PM Awas Yojana List of Beneficiaries 2020
IMAGE CREDITS AND SOURCE: pmaymis.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


मिजोरम वोटर लिस्ट 2020 PDF आधिकारिक वेबसाइट ceomizoram.nic.in पर उपलब्ध है, मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम खोजें और वोटर कार्ड डाउनलोड करें

Table of Contents

CEO Mizoram Voter List with Photo (PDF Electoral Roll 2020) DownloadMizoram Voter ID Card Download – Find Name in Electoral Roll 2020मिजोरम वोटर लिस्ट 2020 (PDF) – मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करेंForms for Registration in Mizoram Voter ID List
Mizoram Voter List with Photo | CEO Mizoram Voter List 2020 | Mizoram Electoral Roll 2019-2020 PDF download | Mizoram Voter ID List | Mizoram Voter List PDF | ceo mizoram nic electoral roll | Mizoram Electoral Roll 2020 | Eroll PDF| Voter ID Search by Name
Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the Lok Sabha election dates in the country. In the Mizoram state, the elections are going was held in Phase 1 i.e voting on 11 April 2019. Chief Electoral Officer has published CEO Mizoram Voter List with Photo. Here people can perform name search in the New PDF of Manipur Electoral Roll 2020 and download Voter ID Card at ceomizoram.gov.in
All the citizens can check their name in the district wise CEO Mizoram Voter List 2020, search voter ID by name and download Voter ID Card. The updated Mizoram Electoral Roll 2020 are available in the PDF format where people can find their name in the CEO Mizoram Voter ID List 2020 and can Download Voter ID Card before casting their vote.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The entire Eroll PDF file of the ceo mizoram nic Electoral Roll (Voter List) 2020 is now available. Here citizens can perform manual searching in the Mizoram Voter List PDF. Moreover, people can adopt a hassle free process and check their names online.
CEO Mizoram Voter List with Photo (PDF Electoral Roll 2020) Download
Below is the complete procedure to download the District wise CEO Mizoram Voter List 2020 (Final Electoral Roll):-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Firstly visit the CEO Mizoram official website at ceo.mizoram.gov.in (previously ceomizoram.nic.in)
At the homepage, scroll over the “Citizens Corner” link and then click at the “View E-roll” link
Direct Link – CEO Mizoram Eroll PDF
A new page to download Mizoram Voter List with Photo will appear as shown below:-
Mizoram Voter List with Photo
Here candidates can select the Assembly Constituency, part number and then click at the “View Mother Roll / View Supplement” tab to open the Mizoram Electoral Roll 2019-2020 PDF download page:-
CEO Mizoram Voter List 2020

All the candidates can find their name manually in the CEO Mizoram Voter List PDF and download voter slip to caste their important vote in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Mizoram Voter ID Card Download – Find Name in Electoral Roll 2020
All the candidates can even find their name online in the Mizoram Electoral Roll 2020 and download Voter ID card through the link given below:-
https://electoralsearch.in/
The page to find name in the Mizoram Voter ID List will appear as shown below:-
Mizoram Voter ID Search by Name
Here candidates can enter their name, gender, relation, date of birth, state, assembly constituency and then click at the “Search” button to open the voter information page.
Mizoram Voter ID Card Download
People can carry this voter slip at the Polling booths along with other identity proof such as aadhaar card, ration card, driving licence to caste their vote. 
मिजोरम वोटर लिस्ट 2020 (PDF) – मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करें
मिजोरम वोटर लिस्ट 2020 (PDF) अब सीईओ की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट ceomizoram.gov.in पर उपलभ्ध है, नई मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम अपनी जानकारी या EPIC नंबर के आधार पर खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करें
Forms for Registration in Mizoram Voter ID List
The direct link to open the forms page for registration in Mizoram Voter ID List is as follows:-
Mizoram Electoral Roll 2019-2020 Forms PDF Download
— Mizoram Voter List PDF Name Inclusion – Include Your Name in the CEO Mizoram Voter List 2020 PDF.
— Confirm Your Voter Registration Status – Track Mizoram Voters Online Application Status
— For more details, visit the official website at ceo.mizoram.gov.in or ceo.mizoram.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G) has finally been launched by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in Agra on 20th November 2016. Under the PM Awas Yojana Gramin affordable housing scheme, central government aims to develop 3 Crore homes by the year 2022 in rural areas for poor families including BPL.
PMAY-G is the revamped version of Indira Awas Yojana which was renamed earlier this year with some pro-poor changes in the scheme. Housing units under the PMAY-G scheme are already being offered to the beneficiaries in rural areas across the country. Pradhan Mantri Narendra Modi also handed over the allotment letters to the beneficiaries during the launch event.
The minimum area of home under the new scheme has been increased to 25 Square meter (267 Square foot) from 20 Sq.Mt. in earlier scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Government has also released the scheme logo and a video

http://iay.nic.in/netiay/Video/PMAYGLaunch.mp4
The objective of the scheme is to provide homes to every Indian by the year 2022. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin will be implemented across the country except Delhi and Chandigarh. The immediate target of PMAY-G is to construct 1 Crore affordable homes in rural areas by the year 2018-19.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Financial Assistance Under PMAY-G
The central government would be providing a financial assistance of Rs. Rs. 120,000 in plain areas and Rs. 130,000 in eastern, hilly and IAP areas to the beneficiaries. Along with this, an additional Rs. 12000 will also be provided to build toilet to each beneficiary under the Swachch Bharat Mission. The beneficiaries will also be provided daily wages of up to 90-95 days (Rs. 18000) through MGNREGA.
Hence, the total financial assistance amount will be 1 Lakh 50 thousand for plain areas and 1 Lakh 60 thousand for eastern, hilly and IAP areas. Interested beneficiaries can also avail a loan of upto Rs. 70000 from any of the nationalized banks for the construction of home. 
Selection of beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin will be done on the basis of SECC-2011 data. The government has also launched AwaasApp for beneficiaries to know the status of their application, funding or share the progress of construction.
To know more about the PMAY-G, please visit the following links
IN ENGLISH: https://sarkariyojana.com/pradhan-mantri-awas-yojana-gramin/
IN HINDI: Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awas Yojana in Hindi
OR visit the official website at http://iay.nic.in
Video & Image Source and Credits: http://iay.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF

