
Noida Authority (New Okhla Industrial Development Authority) invites applications for the allotment of 2000 under construction flats in sector 117, 118 and 122. The authority has launched the scheme under the affordable housing scheme Samajwadi Awas Yojana of Uttar Pradesh Government.
Interested candidates can apply for the new residential flat scheme of Noida Authority from 2nd February till 3rd March 2016. The applications will be invited through the designate bank branches in Noida sector 6, 18 and 62.
There are a total of 2000 four storey Type 1 and Type 2 flats being offered under the scheme. The registration amount for the scheme is 10% of the cost of the flat. Below are the complete details of the flats being offered under the scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});




Category
Location
No. of Flats
Area in Sq.Mt.
Cost of Flat in Rs.
Registration Amount


Type 1
Sector 117, 118 & 122
1280
32
14,07,000/-
1,40,000/-


Type 2
720
71
30,00,000/-
3,00,000/-



How to apply
The interested candidates can purchase the application forms and complete brochure of the scheme at the cost of Rs. 1000/- from the designate bank branches listed in the advertisement below.
The applicants can also download the application forms and the scheme brochure from the official website of Noida Authority at www.noidaauthorityonline.com. In case of download, the applicants will have to submit a demand draft of 1000/- in favor of Noida Authority along with the application form.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Scheme Advertisement






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) is going to install 1 Crore Prepaid Electricity Meters in UP under the Saubhagya scheme. These smart meters will get installed by the uttar pradesh government to minimize the power theft and increase the revenue. UP govt. focuses on providing electricity connection to each household under Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana to ensure “Power for All”. The total outlay for this project is Rs. 1375 crore. 
This installation of one crore smart meters will bring technological upgrade in meter readings. These meters also possess a tracking device from where any consumer can track their actual consumption without manual recording. UP govt. aims to provide electricity connection to more than 4 crore rural households by December 2018 under Saubhagya Scheme.
This scheme will ensure turnaround of UPPCL and other power distribution companies (Discom) by reducing the line losses to 15%. The Smart Meters enables the power department officials to track actual consumption of consumers with online subscriptions and readings. Installation work of these pre-paid meters will begin from 1 June 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Prepaid Electricity Meter Connection Uttar Pradesh
UPPCL will install these prepaid meters in 13 districts with maximum line losses. These areas include Kanpur, Varanasi, Meerut, Gorakhpur, Bareilly and Lucknow. UPPCL will also provide the facility of recharge of pre-paid meters in advance even with a small amount of Rs 50. To get prepaid electricity meter in UP, people can submit any of the following documents as id proof – Aadhar card, Pan card, Ration card, Driving licence, Voter card or Bank Passbook.
UPPCL has already given the tender of supply of 1 crore smart meters in up through Energy Efficiency Services Ltd (EESL). Now, Genus Power Infrastructures will supply 50 lakh, L&T will supply 30 lakh and Allied Engineering will supply 20 lakh prepaid meters.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Central govt. wants to minimize the line losses suffered by DISCOMS which could be done through 100% metering of all households. Govt. will make installation of prepaid meters for all small consumers and smart meters for large ones to provide “electricity to all” till March 2019 under Saubhagya Yojana.
Prepaid Electricity Meter UPPCL
Power System of UP incurs a large number of line losses. Aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C) losses of 5 discoms in UP is 27.35% till March 2018 which was 32.38% in December 2016-17 after Ujjwal Discom Assurance Yojana (UDAY) Yojana. To reduce the line losses, installation of pre-paid electricity meters in an imperative requirement. UPPCL will follow a multi-prolonged strategy to tackle line losses. 
As per the new guidelines of Union energy ministry, all Discoms whose line losses are above 15% will not be eligible for loan from power finance corporation and rural electrification. So, the state govt. wants that each and every household in the state will get an uninterrupted (24*7) power supply. The benefits of installation of Smart meters in UP includes reduction in the cost of bill in accordance with the per-capita consumption. Moreover, this scheme will implement the overall efficiency of Discoms. 
Out of the total one crore pre-paid meters, the state govt. will install 1 lakh prepaid meters in various government establishments. This smart meter installation process will improve the compliance in bill payments. Moreover, the human element of reading meters, billing, bill recovery will also get eliminated which will also reduce the corruption. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार ने 18 फरवरी 2020 को यूपी बजट 2020-21 विधानसभा में पेश किया। इस बजट में कुछ नई योजनाएँ जैसे की युवा हब योजना, तलाकशुदा महिला पेंशन के बारे में घोषणा करी गई है। युवाओं को रोजगार के अवसर प्रदान कराना इस सरकारी योजना का मुख्य उद्देश्य है युवाओं के लिए बजट में एक अन्य स्कीम को भी जगह दी गई है मुख्यमंत्री प्रशिक्षु प्रोत्साहन योजना जिसके तहत ट्रेनिंग करने वाले प्रत्येक युवा को 2,500 रुपए प्रतिमाह मिलेंगे। युवा हब का एक उद्देश्य युवाओं को प्रशिक्षण के बाद नौकरी प्राप्त करने में सक्षम बनाएगा।
एक महिला के लिए विधवा होने के बाद किसी भी तरह की आय का साधन नहीं होता है जिसकी पूर्ति के लिए इस बजट में अलग से ऐसी महिलाओं के लिए सीएम तलाकशुदा महिला पेंशन स्कीम की भी घोषणा करी गई है। जिसमें उन्हे हर माह 500 रुपए सहायता राशि दी जाएगी। इसके साथ निराश्रित महिला पेंशन योजना जो पहले से प्रदेश में चल रही है जारी रहेगी। 
उत्तर प्रदेश विधानसभा में पास हुए बजट 2020 में सीएम योगी आदित्यनाथ जी ने किसानों के लिए भी मुख्यमंत्री किसान दुर्घटना योजना के बारे में बताया जिसको राज्य में लॉन्च किया जाएगा।



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

यूपी युवा हब योजना, तलाकशुदा महिला पेंशन स्कीम 2020
उत्तर बजट 2020 में लॉन्च की गई सभी सरकारी योजनाओं की सूची यहाँ देखें:

गांवों में जल जीवन मिशन को 3000 करोड़
दिव्यांग पेंशन योजना के लिए 621 करोड़
मुख्यमंत्री किसान दुर्घटना कल्याण बीमा को 500 करोड़
तलाकशुदा महिला पेंशन स्कीम – तलाकशुदा महिलाओं के लिए 500 रुपये प्रति महीने पेंशन
निराश्रित महिलाओं को 500 रुपये प्रति महीने पेंशन
ग्रामीण जलापूर्ति कार्यक्रमों के लिए 3000 करोड़
मुख्यमंत्री प्रशिक्षु प्रोत्साहन योजना – युवाओं को 2500 रुपये हर महीने
बुंदेलखंड विंध्य के गुणवत्ता प्रभावित गांवों में पाइप पेयजल योजना के लिए 3300 करोड़
युवा हब योजना – प्रदेश के हर जिले में युवा हब बनाया जाएगा। जहां उन्हें कौशल विकास की ट्रेनिंग दी जाएगी।
पीडब्लूडी पूर्वांचल निधि में 300 करोड़
बुंदेलखंड निधि में 210 करोड़
दिल्ली से मेरठ रीजनल रैपिड ट्रांजिट सिस्टम के लिए 900 करोड़ रुपये
मेडिकल कॉलेज आजमगढ़ के लिए 96 करोड़
गोरखपुर और अन्य शहरों की मेट्रो के लिए 200 करोड़ रुपये
लोहिया आयुर्विज्ञान संस्थान लखनऊ के लिए 477 करोड़
मनरेगा योजना के लिए 4800 करोड़
पीएम आवास योजना के लिए 6240 करोड़
गन्ना किसानों के लिए गन्ना की कीमत 325 रुपये प्रति क्विंट
राष्ट्रीय पोषण अभियान के लिए 4000 करोड़ रुपये
काशी विश्वनाथ मंदिर कॉरिडोर के लिए 200 करोड़
कानपुर मेट्रो रेल परियोजना के लिए 358 करोड़ रुपये
आगरा मेट्रो रेल परियोजना के लिए 286 करोड़ रुपये
लखनऊ में राष्ट्रीय प्रेरणा स्थल की स्थापना के लिए 50 करोड़
राज्य नीति आयोग का गठन किया जायेगा
सामुदायिक स्वास्थ्य केंद्र के लिए 35 करोड़ रुपये
नए प्राथमिक स्वास्थ्य केंद्रों के लिए 81 करोड़ रुपये
अयोध्या में एयरपोर्ट के लिए 500 करोड़ रुपये।
पुलिस को आधुनिक बनाने के लिए 122 करोड़
स्वच्छ भारत मिशन के तहत गांव के लिए 5791 करोड़
युवाओं के रोजगार सृजन और प्लेसमेंट हब के लिए 1200 करोड़
कन्या सुमंगला योजना को 1200 करोड़
गंगा एक्सप्रेस वे के लिए 2000 करोड़
अनुसूचित जाति/अनुसूचित जनजाति में शार्ट टॉपर छात्राओं को लैपटॉप
डिप्लोमा सेक्टर में प्रवेश परीक्षाओं में चुने जाने वाले 300 छात्र-छात्राओं को लैपटॉप
केजीएमयू लखनऊ को 919 करोड़ रुपये
अटल आवासीय विद्यालय के लिए 270 करोड़ रुपये
एसजीपीजीआई के लिए 820 करोड़ रुपये
पुलिस बल आधुनिकरण योजना के लिए 122 करोड़
विधि विज्ञान प्रयोगशालाओं के निर्माण के लिए 60 करोड़
ग्रामीण मार्गों के निर्माण और चौड़ीकरण के लिए 2305 करोड़
राज्य सड़क निधि के लिए 1 हजार करोड़ रुपये
पुलिस फॉरेंसिक यूनिवर्सिटी की स्थापना के लिए 20 करोड़
अयोध्या में पर्यटक सुविधाओं के लिए 85 करोड़
तुलसी स्मारक भवन के लिए 10 करोड़ की व्यवस्था
वाराणसी में संस्कृति केंद्र के लिए 180 करोड़ की व्यवस्था
पर्यटन इकाई के प्रोत्साहन के लिए 50 करोड़ की व्यवस्था
गोरखपुर के रामगढ़ ताल में वाटर स्पोर्ट्स के लिए 25 करोड़

उत्तर प्रदेश विधानसभा बजट 2020 सीएम योगी आदित्यनाथ ने करी युवा हब योजना जिसका मकसद रोजगार उपलब्ध कराना है, इसके अलावा सीएम युवा प्रशिक्षु प्रोत्साहन योजना जिसमें मुफ्त प्रशिक्षण दिया जाएगा जिससे युवा खुद से ही नौकरी प्राप्त कर सके।


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

तलाकशुदा महिला पेंशन स्कीम जो निराश्रित महिला मासिक पेंशन के साथ परस्पर चलेगी दोनों ही योजनाओं में 500 रूपये महिना सहायता राशि दी जाएगी और किसानों के लिए मुख्यमंत्री किसान दुर्घटना योजना की शुरुआत। ज्यादा जानकारी के लिए आप upcmo.up.nic.in पोर्टल पर जा सकते हैं या नीचे कमेंट करके पूछ सकते हैं।





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh cabinet committee led by CM Yogi Adityanath has approved Ground Water Act 2020 to raise the falling groundwater level. Under this UP Groundwater Act 2020, registration would be mandatory to install submersible pumps. Farmers and domestic users will not have to pay any fees to install submersible water pumps. Accordingly, people can simply make Submersible Pumps Online Registration at the official website which is to be launched soon.
The major objective of Ground Water Act 2020 is to improve the ground water levels which is on a decline in the few years. As water is the most important component of human’s life, the state govt. will give utmost priority to save it. Rainwater harvesting would be promoted and this act also contains provisions to penalize those who contaminates ground water.
Boring companies also need to perform registration before installation of water pumps. Now check the complete details of the recent Ground water policy of the UP state government.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Submersible Pumps Online Registration – Ground Water Act 2020
Here are the important features and highlights of the Ground Water Act 2020:-

Submersible Pumps Online Registration – After passing of this act, it would be mandatory to perform registration to install solar pumps. Farmers and domestic consumers are not required to pay any fees. Moreover, Submersible Pump online registration facility would be provided soon.
Rainwater Harvesting – Rainwater Harvesting System has also been made mandatory in all private and government schools and colleges.
Boring Companies Registration – It will be compulsory for the boring companies to get their registration completed. These companies needs to provide all the information every 3 months. The main purpose is to raise the groundwater levels.
Clearance of Govt./ Private Buildings Map – The map of all the government and private buildings will be cleared only when these buildings have provision to install rainwater harvesting system.

In Urban areas, if a landlord installs submersible pump to build a house larger than 300 sq.m area, then it would be necessary to install rainwater harvesting system. For this purpose, a committee of gram panchayat to state level has been formed. In case someone pollutes groundwater through boring pipes then there is provision of punishment and penalty.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Punishment & Fines on Contaminating Groundwater – Ground Water Act 2020
In case the person is caught for 1st time for polluting groundwater level, then there is provision of punishment from 6 months upto 1 year and Rs. 2-5 lakh fine. If person is caught for 2nd time, then there would be penalty of Rs. 5-10 lakhs and punishment from 2-5 years. In case the person is caught for the 3rd time, then there would be penalty of Rs. 10-20 lakhs and punishment from 5-7 years. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/up-govt-brings-ground-water-act-2020-to-improve-ground-water-levels20200211232256/
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh government will start a new UP Internship Scheme 2020 for class 10th, 12th and graduation students. This UP Govt. Training Scheme 2020 will enable youths to get suitable employment opportunities as per their qualification. The state govt. will provide Rs. 2500 per month as stipend to each student who pursue this training in Chief Minister Apprentice Promotion Scheme. 
Yogi Adityanath announces that internship would be held for 2 time frames which involves 6 month training course and other one is 1 year training course. The major objective of UP Govt. Internship Scheme is to tackle the problem of rising unemployment in the state. Upon successful completion of training, each student will get placement as per their talent and skills. The govt. will provide job opportunities to around 5,00,000 students. 
UP govt. has allocated Rs. 100 crore for Chief Minister Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (मुख्यमंत्री शिक्षुता प्रोत्साहन योजना) in UP Budget 2020-21 presented on 18 February. All the students of class 10th, 12th of schools and those pursuing graduation from colleges would be eligible.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Internship Scheme 2020 – Rs. 2500 Stipend to Unemployed Youths
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-


Name of Scheme
UP Govt. Internship Scheme


Launch Year
2020


Type of Scheme
Training


Objective
To provide employment opportunities to unemployed youths


Stipend
Rs. 2500 per month


Internship Duration
6 months or 1 year


Job Placement
As per talent and skills of youth


Job opportunities by
HR Cell


Number of beneficiaries
5,00,000 (approx.)


Eligibility Criteria
Passed / Pursuing Class 10th, 12th or Graduation


Launched by
CM Yogi Adityanath


Contribution
Rs. 1500 by Central Govt. & Rs. 1,000 by UP Govt.


State Name
Uttar Pradesh


In this UP Govt. Internship Scheme, students would be linked to various technical institutes and industries. This announcement is made by CM Yogi Aadityanath while addressing a job fair organised by the Department of Labour and Employment Exchange at Gorakhpur University.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The Chief Minister also said that the government has decided that 20% girls will be compulsorily recruited in the police department in the Uttar Pradesh state. This will enable girls to contribute towards the state’s security.
Furthermore, UP Govt. will open an ITI and skill development centre in each tehsil of the state which can give a platform to the youth for skill development. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/up-to-launch-internship-scheme-for-students-rs-2-500-stipend-yogi-adityanath-2177569
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Aasan Kist Yojana / Kisan Kist Yojna 2020 (Rural)UP Kisan Aasan Kist Yojana Online Registration / Application FormUPPCL Aasan Kist Yojana / Kisan Kist Yojana (Rural) Apply Online BenefitsUP Rural Aasan Kist Yojana – Easy Installments for Farmers
Uttar Pradesh government has started UP Kisan Asan Kist Yojana (किसान आसान किस्त योजना) from 1 February 2020. Under this UP Easy Installment Scheme, farmers can pay their outstanding tubewell electricity bills in installments (kishts). UPPCL is inviting UP Aasan Kist Yojna / Kisan Kist Yojna (Rural) online registration / application form at www.upenergy.in/uppcl or www.uppcl.org. Even the apply online process for registration of Aasan Kist Yojna (Urban) has been started, check details here.
As per the Energy department of Uttar Pradesh, the interest waiver on tubewells bill would also remain applicable. Each farmer can now avail the benefits of aasaan kisht yojna by applying online at the nearest CSC or other methods as below. Only those farmers who pay their tubewell electricity bills on timely basis would only be able to avail this UP Farmers Easy Installment Scheme benefits. This UP Kisan Asan Kist Yojana is going to benefit both electricity suppliers as well as farmers. 
Electricity supplier companies will get their bill dues recovered while farmers can pay their bills in easy installments with no interest charged. The main aim of the UP govt. is to realize the vision of Doubling Farmers Income by 2022.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Aasan Kist Yojana / Kisan Kist Yojna 2020 (Rural)
Energy department of UP govt. has started the facility of paying outstanding electricity bills in easy installment under UP Kisan Asan Kist Yojana 2020. This facility comes up with the interest waiver on bills of farmers. All the farmers will not have to pay any interest on tubewell electricity bills till 31 January 2020. Only the principal amount is to be paid on bills till 31 Jan 2020 in 6 easy installments. 
UP Kisan Aasan Kist Yojana Online Registration / Application Form
Here is the complete process to make online registration & fill application form for UP Kisan Aasan Kist Yojna 2020:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Firstly visit the official website of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation limited at www.upenergy.in/uppcl or https://www.upenergy.in/uppcl
At the homepage, go to the “Bill Payment” section and click at the “Registration for Aasan Kist Yojna / Kisan Kist Yojna (Rural)” link as shown here:-
UPPCL Kisan Kist Yojna Apply Online

Then make consumer login (उपभोक्ता लॉगिन – अपना नवीनतम बिल देखने एवम् भुगतान करने की सुविधा। पूर्व बिल,मीटर पठन एवम् भुगतान देखने और डाउनलोड करने की सुविधा भी उपलब्ध हैं। आसन किस्त योजना/ किसान किस्त योजना के लिए लॉगिन करें) by clicking at the “लॉगिन” link as shown below:-
UP Kisan Aasan Kist Yojana Consumer Login

Upon clicking at the “लॉगिन” link, a new consumer login page will appear where existing users can login using account number and password. If you are a new user, click “Register Now” to create your username and password to access this secure application as below:-
UP Kisan Kist Yojana Login Register

Afterwards, the UPPCL Aasan Kist Yojana Rural online registration form 2020 will appear as shown below:-
UPPCL Aasan Kist Yojana Rural Online Registration Form

Here applicants can enter the account number, service connection number, password, name, mobile number, e-mail ID and click at the “Register” button to complete the UPPCL Kisan Aasan Kist Yojana online registration process.
Finally, applicants can make login and fill in the remaining UP Kisan Aasan Kist Yojana online application form to complete the apply online process.

UPPCL Aasan Kist Yojana / Kisan Kist Yojana (Rural) Apply Online Benefits
Here are the important benefits of making online registration for UPPCL Aasan Kist Yojna / Kisan Kist Yojna (Rural):-
A) Online account access is FREE and offers 24/7 convenience
B) View your bill
C) Complaint/ Service Request registration
D) Customize notifications and payment options
E) Access billing &consumption history
F) Find helpful calculators and energy-saving tips specific to your home or business
G) Set reminders or alerts to help you stay within your budget
H) Self Bill Generation Help
UP Rural Aasan Kist Yojana – Easy Installments for Farmers
Under UP Kisan Asan Kist Yojana (किसान आसान किस्त योजना), farmers can pay the principal amount of their outstanding electricity bills between 1 Feb to 29 February 2020. Farmers can avail benefits of UP Kisan Asan Kisht Yojana at their nearest CSC, sub-divisional officer or executive engineer officer. The farmers needs to submit 5% amount of their outstanding electricity bills or minimum Rs. 1500 along with their current tubewell electricity bill. 
Afterwards, farmers will get an option of making payment of outstanding bijli bill in 6 easy intallments. Each month, farmers needs to submit their installment along with that month’s electricity bill. The interest of the farmer will be waived on timely payment of all the dues. The previous phase of UP Asan Kist Yojana was ending on 31 January 2020 which is now extended till 29 February 2020. Till date, more than 20 lakh farmers have taken the benefits of this UP Easy Installment Scheme for payment of Tubewell Electricity bills.
All those consumers who have received notice for recovery of bills payment under section 5 can also take benefits of UP Kisan Asan Kist Yojana 2020. At the same time, the litigants with the cases pending in the courts will also be able to benefit under the UP Aasaan Kisht Scheme. Farmers needs to submit an affidavit that he will pay all the bills after the final settlement of dues. Bill amendment is also proposed under the UP Kisan Asan Kist Yojana to benefit farmers. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.upenergy.in/uppcl
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020Who Are UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana BeneficiariesHow to Submit UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana Application FormTime Frame to Apply for UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan YojanaAssistance Amount under UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020Online Registration at UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana PortalWhat is UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana EligibilityOfficial Website for UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan YojanaUP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana PDF Download
Uttar Pradesh has launched UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020 for the welfare of farmers. Under this accidental insurance scheme, the state govt. will provide financial assistance to family of farmer’s who die or become handicapped while working in fields. This new scheme will replace the existing UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Jivan Bima Yojana. This decision was taken in the cabinet meeting presided over by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on 21 January 2020.
In case of death of farmer, his / her family will receive Rs. 5 lakh compensation under UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020. The new evidential insurance scheme is going to benefit around 2.38 crore farmers families. This scheme will also include Bataidars, who works in fields of other persons and share the crop after it is harvested. The state govt. has allocated Rs. 500 crore for UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana in UP Budget 2020-21 presented on 18 February. 
The UP state govt. has also decided to implement Mukhyamantri Paryatan Samvardhan Yojana to boost tourism in state.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020
Yogi Adityanath led UP govt. has decided to implement Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020. In this scheme, all the farmers who suffers accidental death / disability would be given compensation. This scheme will be applicable from the 14 September 2019. This accidental insurance scheme for farmers in UP is a 100% state govt. sponsored scheme which would be implemented through collectors.
Who Are UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana Beneficiaries
This accidental insurance scheme will cover the following persons:-
— Account holder / Joint Account Holder Farmers.
— Farmers family includes Mother, Father, Husband, Wife, Girl Child, Boy Children, Daughter in Law, grandson and grand daughter.
— Landless farmers who perform farming on land taken at pattas.
— Bataidars who works on other person’s fields and shares crop after it is harvested. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

How to Submit UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana Application Form
The farmers or their family members can write an application to District Collector. This application form must consists of all the detailed information about the incident happened to the farmers. The written application must be submitted to the Tehsil Office within the time frame specified below. After proper verification by authorities, the assistance amount would be transferred to farmers or their family members depending on the case.
Time Frame to Apply for UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana
All the farmers or their family members can apply for UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana within the given time frame:-
— Application needs to be submitted within 45 days.
— However, collector can give additional time frame of 1 month or 30 days.
— Applications submitted after 75 days would not be considered for assistance. 
Assistance Amount under UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana 2020
In case the farmer death / disability, then their nominees will get Rs. 5 assistance under UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana. If the farmer is already covered under PM Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana, PM Suraksha Bima Yojana then the total amount to be given to farmer’s family would be the remaining amount. For eg- if a family gets 2 lakh from other insurance scheme, then the state govt. will pay remaining 3 lakh amount under UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana to make it to a total of Rs. 5 lakh. 
Online Registration at UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana Portal
To successfully implement the scheme, the UP govt. will soon launch a dedicated portal. People would be able to perform Online Registration at UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Durghatna Kalyan Yojana Portal. All those farmers or their family members who have chosen apply online method needs not visit the Tehsil office or write an application to collector. People can apply through both methods either online or offline as specified here. 

मुख्यमंत्री श्री @myogiadityanath जी ने मुख्यमंत्री कृषक दुर्घटना कल्याण योजना के सफल क्रियान्वयन हेतु धनराशि ₹500 करोड़ की स्वीकृति प्रदान की है।इस क्रम में प्रथम किश्त के रूप में ₹100 करोड़ जारी किया जा रहा है। @sanjaychapps1 @spgoyal @74_alok pic.twitter.com/Ewo1hUHJl5
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) June 6, 2020
 
What is UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana Eligibility
The candidates must fulfill the following conditions to become eligible for UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana:-
— This scheme will cover farmers and their family members whose age is between 18 to 70 years.
— Farmers and their family must be a permanent resident of Uttar Pradesh.
Official Website for UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana
Visit the official UP Chief Minister’s Office website at upcmo.up.nic.in. Go to either Cabinet decisions section – Click Here or Press Releases section – Click Here of 21 January 2020. 
UP Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana PDF Download
The complete details of the Mukhyamantri Krishak Durghatna Kalyan Yojana are available in PDF format which can be checked here:-
http://information.up.nic.in/attachments/files/5e2733a4-d074-4a63-b831-62a00af72573.pdf





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: http://www.newsonair.com/News?title=UP-Govt-launches-Mukhyamantri-Krishak-Durghatna-Kalyan-Yojana&id=379135
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Book My HSRP UPUP High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) Apply OnlineCheck Status of HSRP Registration – Book My HSRP UPGovernment Order on HSRP in UP Verification of Vehicle Details at VAHAN Portal
Uttar Pradesh govt. starts apply online process for High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) for vehicles at bookmyhsrp.com. All the owners of 2 wheeler or 4 wheeler must be fitted with HSRP number plates compulsorily as per CMVR 1989 Rule 50. These plates will be installed by their respective automobile dealers in UP this month. In this article, we will tell you about the details of how to fill UP HSRP Application Form.
Book My HSRP UP
Book My HSRP Portal bookmyhsrp.com enables the vehicle owners in Uttar Pradesh to apply online for High Security Number Plates by entering the vehicle details. HSRP Online application at Book MY HSRP Portal is very easy and can be completed by anyone.
High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) was introduced by the central government in 2012 to check duplication of number plates. It is also meant to ensure uniformity in size, font and color.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) Apply Online
Below is the complete process to apply online for UP High Security Registration Plates (HSRP):-
STEP 1: Firstly visit the official Book My HSRP UP portal at https://www.bookmyhsrp.com/Index.aspx 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 2: At the homepage, click at either “Private Vehicle (Non-Transport) – White Plate” or “Commercial Vehicle (Transport) – Yellow Plate” tab.
STEP 3: Select Fuel Type as either Petrol or Diesel or EV or CNG or CNG+Petrol as shown here:-
Book My HSRP Vehicle Fuel Type
STEP 4: Then select your vehicle type as two or three wheelers or four wheelers or commercial vehicles. 
Book My HSRP Vehicle Type
STEP 5: Next select Vehicle Make for your vehicle such as Scooter, Motorcycle, Auto Rikshaw, 4 wheeler or other with the name of the company who manufactures that vehicle.
STEP 6: Now select the name of the State as either Uttar Pradesh or Delhi as both of these states have already started HSRP registration process. 
STEP 7: Next applicants will have to select their nearest location or dealer from where you want to affix your HSRP. 
STEP 8: Then applicants will have to fill vehicle information as a part of the Booking / Appointment Details as shown here:- 
UP HSRP Booking / Appointment Details
Step 9: Applicants will have to enter their registration number, date, chassis number, engine no, e-mail ID, mobile number, vehicle type and click at “Next” button. Then verify the OTP sent on your registered mobile number. Select date and time slot.
Step 10: Finally, applicants can make payment through online mode. People can enter GST number if GST is registered. Your order will be confirmed through SMS and E-Mail.
Check Status of HSRP Registration – Book My HSRP UP
Here is the direct link to check the complete status of HSRP Registration in Uttar Pradesh – https://www.bookmyhsrp.com/CheckStatus.aspx. The page for checking status of High Security Registration Plates in UP will appear as shown below:-
Check High Security Registration Plates Status
Here applicants can check Appointment Status through Order ID, Vehicle Registration Number, Captcha and click at the “Search” button. 
Government Order on HSRP in UP 
Regional Transport Offices in Uttar Pradesh have met dealers and briefed them about HSRP fixing process. UP Transport Department has done its job and it is now upto dealers to create a portal and issue online appointments. This number plate installation process has to be completed very fast. Any vehicle owner can seek an appointment online with his / her dealer to get the HSRP fitted.
If one vehicle owner has relocated from the city where one bought the vehicle, then person can go to any dealer of automobile brand in new city. If the current city does not have a dealer then one can apply online for High Security Registration Plates in the nearest district. Before making online application, owner must ensure that there is no challan pending against the vehicle and its registration is valid.
The chip embedded HSRP number plates stores ownership details of vehicles in national database. In addition to this, engine and chassis numbers are also stored in national database for vehicles. The centralized records are very helpful in identification of any stolen car or bike.
Verification of Vehicle Details at VAHAN Portal
On the other hand, a dealer must verify details of the vehicle from the state government’s VAHAN portal. Dealer has to inform the vehicle owner through SMS if details does not match. The owner will have to visit the regional office and get details updated. All the vehicle owners who does not gets confirmatory SMS from their dealers will have to pay fee online, print receipt and get appointment. Read central government notification for HSRP installation through the link below:-https://parivahan.gov.in/parivahan/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION%26ADVISORY/SO%206052%20E.pdf
An HSRP for 4 wheeler may cost around Rs. 500 and for a 2 wheeler around Rs. 200. No manual application will be accepted by dealers. Once the HSRP is fitted, dealers will have to update details on the VAHAN portal.
For more details on HSRP Registration in UP, click the link – https://www.bookmyhsrp.com/BookMyHSRP_HSRPFAQ.html





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/up-apply-online-to-get-high-security-registration-plates-on-your-vehicle/articleshow/73329636.cms
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana Form PDF DownloadMukhyamantri Durghatna Bima Yojana – Eligibility for ApplicationUP Kisan Durghatna Bima Yojana BenefitsReferences
Uttar Pradesh govt. invites application forms for UP Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana. Under this scheme, farmers and their family members of the state can avail Durghatna Bima (Accidental Insurance) upto Rs. 5 lakh. People can now make online registrations for Bima Care Card and can also download Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana form pdf. The official website to download UP Kisan Durghatna Bima Yojana Online Form is www.1520up.com 
UP Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana will cover the incidents of road / air / rail accidents, collision, injury due to fall, leakage of gas, mongoose (Nevla), injury due to cylinder burst, dog bite, bite and attack by an wild animal, burning, drowning, flowing in the flood, cutting the hands and legs due to accident, earthquake and lightening. Upon implementation, this scheme will benefit 12 crore people in mostly rural areas. 
Latest Update – Now a compensation of Rs. 5 lakh would be given in case of death of family member of farmer. If the son or daughter or daughter in law or spouse of farmer dies due to an accident, the same compensation would be given. This means that all family members of farmers are now covered. This scheme to benefit 2.5 crore farmer’s families in Uttar Pradesh.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mukhyamantri Durghatna Bima Yojana will provide benefits upto Rs. 5 lakh to insured people and their family members in case of any accident. 
UP Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana Form PDF Download
Below is the complete procedure to download UP Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana Form PDF:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Visit the official website www.1520up.com
At the homepage, scroll over the “मुख्यमंत्री किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना डाउनलोड” link in the header and then click at the “Claim Form”.
The download the Claim Form under the Kisan Durghatna Bima Yojana. The direct links for downloading purpose is given below:-

Claim Form 1 – In the event of accidental death (before making of Kisan Durghatna Bima Care Card) of Head of Family. It will appear as follows:-
Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Online Claim Form
Claim Form 2 – In case of disability of head of family due to accident (before making of Kisam Bima Yojana Card). It will appear as follows:-
Kisan Durghatna Bima Yojana Online Form
Claim Form 3 – This form is to be filled to avail primary treatment (First Aid benefits) in Non-Empanelled hospitals before making of Bima Care Card. Patient Admission in such hospitals is necessary. Maximum benefit upto Rs. 25,000 can be availed. Insurance Companies will reimburse this amount after treatment if completed.
Mukhyamantri Durghatna Bima Yojana Claim Form
Claim Form 4 – This form is to be filled to avail treatment in Empanelled hospitals before making of Bima Care Card. Patient admission in hospitals is necessary.
UP Kisan Durghatna Bima Online Form
Claim Form 5 – In the event of accidental death (after making of Kisan Durghatna Bima Care Card) of Head of Family.
Claim Form 6 – In case of disability of head of family due to accident (After making of Kisam Bima Yojana Card).



Candidates can also check – UP Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana Application Form Format. Candidates can download the Kisan Bima Yojana Online Forms through the above mentioned links in case of any mishappening. This scheme will ensure that each farmer or poor person gets insurance in any event of accident. 
Mukhyamantri Durghatna Bima Yojana – Eligibility for Application
All the people who wants to avail this insurance facility must fulfill the following eligibility criteria:-

Head of the family, either male or female, falling in the age group of 18 to 70 years, and
He / She must be registered as account holder / co-account holder in Khatauni*, and
The annual family income from all sources must be less than Rs. 75,000 per annum.

*Khatauni is the list of total village land owned by head of the family / single family using Agriculture related legal document (Khasras).
UP Kisan Durghatna Bima Yojana Benefits
Candidates can avail the following benefits through this Accidental Insurance Scheme:-

In case of accidental death / disability of the head of Family, insurance company will provide Rs. 5 lakh.
In case of accident, people can avail treatment benefits of upto Rs. 2.5 lakh. If needed, then 1 lakh additional assistance would be provided.
Also, the accidents occurring outside the vicinity of the state would also be covered.
People can avail free treatment in all govt. hospitals and empanelled private hospitals with more than 30 beds. Around 1540 hospitals will provide free treatment.
Facility of primary treatment upto Rs. 25,000 to accident patients in all nearest hospitals (with min 10 beds).
UP Mukhyamantri Kisan Evam Sarvhit Bima Yojana

For all other details, click at the link – UP Kisan Bima Yojana Details (PDF)
References
For all other details, please visit the official website http://www.1520up.com/ 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh Government has launched One District One Product Scheme 2020. Subsequently, this scheme will provide job opportunities to 25 lakh unemployed candidates across the state. Accordingly, UP govt. will provide Rs. 25000/- to local craftsmen and entrepreneurs in the upcoming 5 years. UP govt. had launch this scheme on 24 January 2018. The complete ODOP district wise list of products is available at odop.in
One District One Product Scheme will raise the GDP of the state up to 2 percent. Govt. will implement this scheme with the collaboration of several industries working in various states. Furthermore, each district will get assigned a product under Ek Zila – Ek Utpadan Scheme. 
The primary objective of this scheme is to focus on a particular product and raise its quality to compete in the international market. The detailed list of products associated with each district are described below.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP One District One Product Scheme 2020
The important features of One District One Product Scheme are as follows:-

ODOP scheme is essential for the inclusive development of the entire state.
The official website for One District One Product Scheme is odopup.in
Subsequently, this scheme will increase the growth of small, medium and traditional industries of the districts.
Accordingly, the state govt. will focus on adapting new technology in order to make the product competing in the market. 
Under this scheme, around 25 lakh unemployed youths will get jobs and GDP of the state will get raised by 2 percent.
The state govt. had launched One District One Product Scheme on 24 January 2018.

List of District & Products – UP One District One Product Scheme 2020
The complete list of all the districts along with their products under One District One Product Scheme 2020 are as follows:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});



District
Products


Agra
Leather Products


Aligarh
Locks and Hardware


Ambedkar Nagar
Textile Products


Amethi
Moonj Products


Amroha
Musical Instruments


Auraiya
Food Processing (Desi Ghee)


Ayodhya
Jaggery


Azamgarh
Black Pottery


Baghpat
Home Furnishing


Bahraich
Wheat-Stalk Handicrafts


Ballia
Bindi (Tikuli)


Balrampur
Food Processing (Pulses)


Banda
Shazar Stone Craft


Barabanki
Textile Products


Bareilly
Zari-Zardozi


Basti
Wood Craft


Bhadohi
Carpet (Dari)


Bijnor
Wood Craft


Budaun
Zari-Zardozi


Bulandshahar
Ceramic Product


Chandauli
Zari-Zardozi


Chitrakoot
Wooden Toys


Deoria
Decorative Products


Etawah
Textile Products


Etah
Ankle Bells (Ghungroo), Bells and Brass Products


Farrukhabad
Textile Printing


Fatehpur
Bedsheets and Iron Fabrication Works


Firozabad
Glassware


Gautam Buddh Nagar
Readymade Garments


Ghazipur
Jute Wall Hanging


Ghaziabad
Engineering Goods


Gonda
Food Processing (Pulses)


Gorakhpur
Terracota


Hamirpur
Shoes


Hapur
Home Furnishing


Hardoi
Handloom


Hathras
Hing Asafoetida


Jalaun
Handmade Paper Art


Jaunpur
Woollen Carpets (Dari)


Jhansi
Soft Toys


Kannauj
Perfume (Attar)


Kanpur Dehat
Aluminum Utensils


Kanpur Nagar
Leather Products


Kasganj
Zari Zardozi


Kaushambi
Food Processing (Banana)


Kushinagar
Banana Fiber Products


Lakhimpur Kheri
Tribal Craft


Lalitpur
Zari Silk Sarees


Lucknow
Chikankari & Zari Zardozi


Maharajganj
Furniture


Mahoba
Gaura Stone Craft


Mainpuri
Tarkashi Art


Mathura
Sanitary Fittings


Mau
Powerloom Textile


Meerut
Sports Products


Mirzapur
Carpets


Moradabad
Metal Craft


Muzaffarnagar
Jaggery


Pilibhit
Flute


Pratapgarh
Aamla Products


Prayagraj
Moonj Products


Raebareli
Wood Work


Rampur
Applique Work along with Patch Work, Zari Patchwork


Saharanpur
Wood Crafting


Sambhal
Handicraft (Horn-Bone)


Sant Kabir Nagar
Brassware Craft


Shahjahanpur
Zari Zardozi


Shamli
Iron Arts


Shravasti
Tribal Craft


Siddharthnagar
Kala Namak Rice


Sitapur
Carpet (Dari)


Sonbhadra
Carpets


Sultanpur
Moonj Products


Unnao
Zari Zardozi


Varanasi
Banarasi Silk Saree


After the successful implementation of One District One Product Scheme 2020, all the products will get international recognition. Moreover, these products will become brands and also become an identity of brand UP. This scheme will emphasize on the raising the quality of these products so that these products can compete in the international level.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath has inaugurated UP Hunar Haat on 11 January 2020 in Lucknow. In Hunar Haat Scheme, the state govt. will provide ample market exposure and employment opportunities to local artisans and craftsmen. Various products manufactured by artisans / craftsmen have been showcased on this occasion. Hunar Hatt is a 10 day event and will conclude on 21 January 2020. The next Hunar Haat are to be organized in Indore and Chandigarh for which application / registration form are given below.
UP CM Yogi Adityanath slammed previous state governments for not having done enough for the upliftment of traditional master artisans in Uttar Pradesh. He alleges that handicrafts markets were almost disappeared during SP / BSP regime. Hunar Hubs in UP are now providing training and encouraging indigenous talent of master artisans, craftsmen as per the need of the markets. 
Central govt. led by PM Narendra Modi had started Hunar Haat Scheme to provide platform to showcase skills. Accordingly, CM Yogi starts UP Hunar Haat 2020 in Lucknow.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Hunar Haat 2020 by Yogi Adityanath
Hunar Haat Scheme is proving to be “Empowerment Exchange” for master artisans / craftsmen / SHGs / culinary experts of traditional delicacies. For registration, people will have to fill an Hunar Haat Scheme online application form. This enrollment is necessary for applicants to attend the Hunar Haat exhibition. With the help of craftsmen and artisans, 19% of products export increased in FY 2018-19. 
UP CM Yogi Adityanath announced that the craftsmen will get proper training as well as loans to raise their efficiency. Every district of Uttar Pradesh has its own identity under One District One Product Scheme. Kannauj is famous for its fragrance, Meerut for its cricket bat and complete list of ODOP products is available at odopup.in. For all those who wants to carry out work would be provided loans. Uttar Pradesh government has also introduced several new schemes for supporting natural and organic products.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the official central govt’s data, more than 2.65 lakh artisans and craftsmen have been provided employment in the last 2 years. The first Hunar Haat was organized in Jaipur in August-September 2019. More than 200 master artisans and culinary experts including a large number of women artisans from every corner of the country participated in this Hunar Haat. Afterwards, several Hunar Haats were organized in the different parts of the country.
Hunar Haat Indore Application Form Online
The process for Registration to participate in Hunar Haat at various locations is on-going in NMDFC. The next Hunar Haat will be held at Indore from 8th to 16th February, 2020. The registration in respect of Artisans & Culinary Experts for participation in this Hunar Haat at Indore will close on 17th January, 2020. The next Hunar Haat Application Form to be held in Indore is shown below:-
Hunar Haat Online Registration Form 
The Application Format is available on the website of nmdfc.org. The Applications should be addressed and sent by Post/Hand to:-
Sh. Anil Kumar, Chief Manager (Projects), National Minorities Development & Finance Corporation, 1st Floor, Core-1, Scope Minar, Laxmi Nagar, Delhi-110 092.
Also check – Registration Form for Master Artisans/Craftsmen/ SHGs/Culinary experts of Traditional Delicacies for participation in Hunar Haat to be held in Chandigarh from 20th February to 1 March 2020 at the link below:-
http://manassd.ind.in/hunar-haat-registration-form-english 
To download Registration Form for Artisans/SHGs Member for participation in the Exhibitions proposed to be organized by NMDFC, click at the link – http://www.minorityaffairs.gov.in/sites/default/files/Application%20Form%20English.pdf





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: nmdfc.org or minorityaffairs.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Mukhyamantri Kanya Sumangala Yojana Apply Online Form 2020UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana Online Registration / Application TypesUP Kanya Sumangala Yojana Eligibility for Registration
Uttar Pradesh government is inviting online applications for UP Mukhyamantri Kanya Sumangla Yojana [कन्या सुमंगला योजना] 2019-2020 at official website mksy.up.gov.in. Kanya Sumangla Yojana is a conditional cash transfer scheme to ensure social security to girl child & her development. Interested ones can apply online by filling UP CM Kanya Sumangala Yojana 2020 online registration form, read scheme guidelines and check application process at Citizen Services Portal.
UP CM Kanya Sumangala Yojna will prevent social evils like female foeticide and child marriage. Moreover, girls will get an opportunity to advance towards higher education and employment. This scheme will assist girls of UP state from their birth till their graduation studies. UP state government has allocated Rs. 1200 crore for UP Kanya Sumangala Yojana in UP Budget 2020-21 presented on 18 February.
Along with improvement in health and education of girls, their dropout rates would get reduced. For this purpose, govt. will deposit pre-determined amount at the regular intervals in the name of girl child through DBT mode.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Mukhyamantri Kanya Sumangala Yojana Apply Online Form 2020
Below is the complete process to apply online for UP CM Kanya Sumangala Yojana 2019-2020:-

Firstly visit the UP CM Kanya Sumangala Yojana official website at mksy.up.gov.in
At the homepage, click at the “Citizen Services Portal – Apply Here” link under ‘Quick Links’ section.
All the first time users can register themselves and click at “I Agree” option as shown below:-
UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana Online Registration
Afterwards, the UP Kanya Sumangala Yojana online application form will appear as shown below:-
Kanya Sumangala Yojana UP Online Form
Here candidates can enter all necessary details and click at “Send SMS OTP” to complete the online registration process.
Finally, candidates can make login at official website as shown below:-
UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana Official Website Login
Enter login ID and password to complete the UP Kanya Sumangla Yojna apply online process.

The complete UP CM Kanya Sumangla Yojana Online Application Process is now available at the official website.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana Online Registration / Application Types
Here are the 6 types or stages for which the online application for UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana can be made:-

Stage 1 – Rs. 2,000 as one time (lump sum) on birth of girl child. The girl must be born on or after 1 April 2019.
Stage 2 – The girl who is not born before 1 April 2019 and has received full immunization will get Rs. 1,000 one time amount.
Stage 3 – The girl child who has enrolled in standard 1 during the current academic year will be benefited with Rs. 2,000 one time amount.
Stage 4 – The girl child who has enrolled in standard 6 during the current academic year will be benefited with Rs. 2,000 one time amount.
Stage 5 – The girl child who has enrolled in standard 9 during the current academic year will be benefited with Rs. 3,000 one time amount.
Stage 6 – The girl who has passed standard 10th or 12th and enrolled in at-least 2 year diploma course or graduate degree will get Rs. 5,000 as lump sum amount.

UP Kanya Sumangala Yojana Eligibility for Registration
Here is the eligibility criteria for UP Kanya Sumangla Yojna registration:-

The candidate must be a resident of Uttar Pradesh. For this residence proof needs to be produced which includes Ration Card / Aadhar Card / Voter Card / Electricity Bill / Telephone Bill.
The income of beneficiary family from all sources must not exceed Rs. 3 lakh per annum.
Maximum of 2 girls of a single family would be benefited under Kanya Sumangla Yojana.
Family size of the beneficiaries must not exceed 2.
In case the women delivers twin babies in her second delivery then 3rd girl child would also be eligible. If 1st child is girl and 2 twin girls are born from second delivery, then all 3 girls would be eligible.
If family has adopted an orphan girl then max of 2 girls would be benefited including biological children and adopted girl child.

The official website mksy.up.gov.in is live for pilot test from 17 September 2019. UP CM Yogi Adityanath will launch this scheme on 11 October 2019 and will distribute certificates to beneficiaries.
— For more details, visit the official portal at https://mksy.up.gov.in/women_welfare/index.php 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://mksy.up.gov.in/women_welfare/index.php
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. has announced rehabilitation package for Triple Talaq Victims women to provide them Rs. 6,000 per annum. The payment for Yearly Pension Scheme for 3 Talaq victim in UP would be made to each affected women to make them become self reliant. Yogi Adityanath has given directions to Home, Social Welfare & Minority Affairs department to prepare the plan. 
This scheme for UP Triple Talaq Victims will also provide an insurance coverage of Rs. 5 lakh for victims and their children. The insurance coverage will follow the similar lines of flagship Ayushman Bharat Yojana apart from free legal aid. UP CM Yogi Adityanath has announced to give an annual pension of Rs 6,000 per year to Muslim women who have been given triple talaq by their husbands.
UP CM Yogi Adityanath has announced this package at an event where he met Triple Talaq Victims of the state. Shia religious leader Maulana Saif Abbas welcomed the Yearly Pension Scheme for 3 Talaq Victims in UP but said that the state govt. should look more into the education of children and their problem of housing which will be better than giving Rs. 500 per month as pension.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Triple Talaq Victims to Get Rs. 6,000 p.a
The state govt. of Uttar Pradesh is going to provide Rs. 6,000 per year to Triple Talaq Victims. This package also includes Rs. 5 lakh insurance cover similar to PM Jan Arogya Yojana. UP govt. will take strict action against the police personnel who have not handled cases of 3 talaq as per new law. CM Yogi Adityanath has given some details about the rehabilitation plan which are as follows:-

Women who are educated must be absorbed within system and given employment as per their qualifications.
Women who are thrown out of their homes will be provided houses under PM Awas Yojana or UP Mukhyamantri Awaas Yojna.
The state govt. is also looking to link them with Waqf properties across the state.
UP govt. will make arrangements to provide 3 talaq victims with shelter and education under various schemes.
All such women should be covered under the Ayushman Bharat Yojana or under Chief Minister Arogya Scheme.
UP Triple Talaq Victims 6000

Every Triple Talaq victim was asked to submit her details to additional chief secretary (home) Awanish Avasthi who is given responsibility to monitor each case. A total number of 127 applications were received from Triple Talaq victims. Proper schemes must be implemented for the overall development of the society and no person should feel neglected.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

In the previous 1 year, Uttar Pradesh Police had filed 273 cases of triple talaq victims. Similarly, UP govt. will take strict action against those Hindu men who have abandoned / harassed their 1st wife and go for 2nd marriage. The state govt. will show no leniency towards such people as UP govt. works without bias.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/up-triple-talaq-victims-to-get-rs-6000-a-year-support-yogi/articleshow/71303026.cms
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh government is working on modernization programme for madrassas in the state. Under this UP Madrassa Modernization Scheme, the govt. aims to connect students with social welfare programmes being run by the government. Accordingly, UP madarsa students will get training in National Cadet Corps (NCC) and National Service Scheme (NSS).
This UP Madarsa Student Training Scheme aims to impart a sense of discipline among students. The UP Madrasa Education Council has sent instructions to all madrassas in this regard. 
The main objective of UP Madrassa Students Training Scheme is to make students technologically advanced and follow the “Nation First” policy.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Madarsa Students NCC / NSS Training Scheme
CM Yogi Adityanath led UP govt. is always a supporter of Madrassa Modernization programme. After coming to power, CM Yogi led emphasis on the need of both ‘Computer’ and ‘Quran’ to students in Madarsa. Now the state govt. will start providing NCC / NSS training to students in madrassas. Students will learn importance of brotherhood, discipline, secularism and selfless service in their lives. The objective of the NCC is to inspire everyone for the sake of the nation. The Madarsa students will now get an opportunity to make a career in Indian Army. 
In addition to education and training, the students will get lessons for the service of the nation. This training will expose young cadets to a regimental way of life which is essential to inculcate in them the values of discipline, duty, punctuality, orderliness, smartness, respect for the authorities, correct work ethos, and self- confidence.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

This training will generate interest in cadets and provides them an element of thrill and excitement. Moreover, NCC training will inculcate Defence Services work ethos that is characterised by hard work, sincerity of purpose, honesty, ideal of selfless service, dignity of labour, secular outlook, comradeship, spirit of adventure and sportsmanship. The board will also see from time to time how many madrasas have followed the instructions.
NSS training is also very important for the all-round development of madrasa students. In its training, students will be made aware on community service activities like prevention of social evils, environmental protection, cleanliness, emergency or assistance for natural disaster.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.dailypioneer.com/2019/state-editions/up-govt-to--modernise--madarsas.html
SAVE AS PDF


उत्तर प्रदेश में बिजली कनेक्शन लेना अब और आसान हो सकेगा। उत्तर प्रदेश पावर कॉरपोरेशन ने "झटपट बिजली कनेक्शन योजना" की शुरुआत की है। इस योजना के तहत लोगों को बिना अधिक दौड़ भाग के बिजली कनेक्शन मिल जाएगा। इसके लिए लोगों को न तो कार्यालयों न ही अधिकारियों और कर्मचारियों के यहां चक्कर लगाने पड़ेंगे और ना ही किसी प्रकार के भ्रष्टाचार में फंसेंगे। योजना के तहत कनेक्शन लेने के लिए उत्तर प्रदेश पावर कॉरपोरेशन की वेबसाइट पर ऑनलाइन आवेदन करना होगा।UP Jhatpat Connection Yojana is started by the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) to provide electricity connections in easy manner. Under this instant connection scheme, UPPCL will ensure quick processing of applications from below poverty line (BPL) and above poverty line (APL) families through an online process. Any consumer who wants to avail a new power connection can now apply online at upenergy.in/uppcl/en or at e-suvidha or jan suvidha centres.
All the consumers of BPL category (BPL families) need to pay only Rs. 10 for getting an electricity connection while APL families need to pay Rs. 100 for power connection of load between 1 KW to 25 KW.
Interested consumers can apply online for UP Jhatpat Connection Scheme to get new electricity connections at the official website.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Apply Online for New Electricity Connection in UP
Below is the complete process to apply online for new electricity connections (Jhatpat bijli connection) in Uttar Pradesh state:-

Firstly visit the official UPPCL website at upenergy.in/uppcl/en
At the homepage, click at the “Apply for New Electricity Connection (Jhatpat Connection)” under ‘Connection Services’ section.
Direct Link – UP Electricity Connection Apply Form Login
The electricity connection form login page in UP will appear as follows:-
UP New Electricity Connection Form Login
Afterwards, the applicants will have to click at the “New Registration” button to open the UP Jhatpat Connection Yojana Online Registration Form as shown below:-
UP Electricity Connection Online Registration Form
Here candidates can enter name, date of birth, e-mail ID, mobile number and click at “Register” button to complete the new electricity connection registration process.

All the applicants will then get their electricity connections installed at their preferred locations.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Jhatpat Connection Yojana
This instant electricity connection scheme is a new move of UPPCL to address the repeated complaints of consumers who face harassment in getting power connection. Now, any person either of APL / BPL category can apply online at upenergy.in/uppcl/en to get an electricity connection by following an easy and swift process. BPL consumers can fill the online application form and make payment of Rs. 10 to avail new power connection. APL consumers can also apply online and submit amount of Rs. 100 for getting electricity connections of 1 KW to 25 KW supply.
All the applications submitted by the consumers will be immediately forwarded to the engineers who are concerned under a swift processing system for quick approval. An engineer will visit the spot and file an assessment for power connection within a stipulated time period. Consumers will have to make online application for Jhatpat Connection Yojana at uppcl.org to get electricity connections at the earliest. 
Moreover, govt. will soon start a new software to provide power connections to BPL / APL families. After submission of online applications, junior engineers (JE) will have to submit the report in a given time frame. In case JE doesn’t submits the report, then assistant engineers (AE) will approve the application and give electricity connections to the applicants. In case the applicants are not able to apply online, then applicants can apply through e-suvidha kendras and jan suvidha kendras.
Uttar Pradesh Jhatpat Yojana Electricity Connections
UPPCL aims to provide electricity connections to the consumers in hassle free manner and now applicants will not have to make unnecessary visits to the govt. offices. In this Jhatpat Connection Yojana, the main focus is on providing electricity connections to APL / BPL families in a dedicated time duration.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


To avail subsidy under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana to construct houses in Agra in Uttar Pradesh, applicants will have to plant at-least 2 trees & develop rainwater harvesting system. As per the UP District Urban Development Authority (DUDA) records, around 19,214 applicants are benefited from PMAY housing scheme. According to the new rules, PMAY beneficiaries to get subsidy in installation of solar power system. 
PMAY beneficiaries will also get priority in various govt. schemes including Ujjwala Yojana & Ayushman Bharat Yojana. Under the PMAY housing scheme, all the eligible beneficiaries gets combined monetary assistance of Rs. 2.5 lakh from central and UP state government.
PMAY Housing For All (PMAY-HFA) aims to provide own houses to each poor family in the country by the FY 2022.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Tree Plantation & Rainwater Harvesting for PMAY
Under PM Awas Yojana, each eligible beneficiary in Uttar Pradesh gets Rs. 2.5 lakh for construction of houses. This amount is given in 3 installments, 1st installment is of Rs. 50,000, 2nd installment is of Rs. 1,50,000 while the 3rd installment is of Rs. 50,000. More than 10,000 applicants have already received their 2 installments in Agra of UP. 
All the beneficiaries under PMAY housing scheme in UP will have to plant at-least 2 trees & provide details about plantation. Each beneficiary is also required to develop rain water harvesting system in their houses. The UP state govt. is also telling people about the waste management. All the PMAY beneficiaries are being asked to place 2 dustbins.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

These 2 dustbins includes 1 dustbin for dry waste & 1 dustbin for wet waste for proper garbage disposal. People are also being made aware of the various government welfare schemes meant for them. The state govt. is ensuring that the PMAY housing scheme benefits reaches those who actually needs it.
For proper selection of the PMAY beneficiaries, households are being identified from BPL category people. These BPL beneficiaries are selected using house deprivation parameters as per the Socio Economic and Caste Census Data (SECC) 2011.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/agra/plantation-of-trees-rainwater-harvesting-compulsory-to-get-benefit-under-pm-awas-yojna/articleshow/71908155.cms
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. has announced Kanya Sumangla Yojana in UP Budget 2019-20 for girl child. This scheme aims to improve the level of health and education in women and bringing a positive change in the mindset towards them. UP Kanya Sumangla Scheme 2019 is based on the Ladli Laxmi Yojna of the previous BJP led Madhya Pradesh government. 
In UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana, pre-determined amount would be deposited at the regular intervals in the name of girl child to aid her education and marriage. This amount would be transferred direcly into the bank account of the girls through Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) mode. The drop out rate of the girls would also be reduced through this scheme.
The state govt. of Uttar Pradesh has allocated Rs. 1200 crore for the successful implementation of this Kanya Sumangla scheme. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana 2019
The UP Kanya Sumangla Scheme is going to be implemented from 1 April 2019 and the scheme details are yet to be worked out. CM Yogi Adityanath stated that a pre-determined amount will be deposited in the bank accounts of girl child at the following durations:-

1st Installment at the time birth of girl child
2nd Installment at the time of vaccination
3rd Installment at the time of admission of girls in Class I
4th Installment when a girl reaches class VI
5th Installment when a girl reaches class IX
6th Installment at the time the girl starts graduation
7th Installment at the time of girl’s wedding

The state govt. will ensure that the girls would get handsome amount by the time she graduates or get married. This scheme of UP govt. will work in collaboration with the central govt’s “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” scheme. Previously, Akhilesh led UP govt. had started Kanya Vidya Dhan Scheme in which all the girls who clears the intermediate under UP board were given one time assistance of Rs. 30,000. This Kanya Vidya Dhan Scheme was later extended to girls passing out from Madrassas.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mayawati led BSP govt. in Uttar Pradesh had 2 schemes for girl child namely Mahamaya Garib Balika Ashirvad Yojana and Savitri Bai Phule Balika Shiksha Madad Yojana. This schemes were launched to ensure that girls are no longer a burden on the families and needs to be sent to school. 
Various other state govt’s like Bihar has started distributing cycles to school girls to encourage them to attend schools regularly. UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana draws its inspiration from MP Ladli Laxmi Yojana which offers annual National Savings Certificate of Rs. 6,000 in the name of beneficiaries. This is followed by the fixed amount deposits at regular intervals till the time the girls got graduated or got married. This amount is paid as a lump sum amount through DBT mode in girls bank accounts.
However, it is still not clear how application forms would be invited for UP Kanya Sumangla Yojana and how much amount each girl would get. The details are still being worked out which is to be put before cabinet and the scheme has to be implemented from 1 April 2019. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Widow Pension List 2020-21 – How to CheckUP Vidhwa Pension Scheme – What is it?UP Widow Pension Scheme – How to Apply OnlineUP Vidhwa Pension List of Pensioners 2019-2020UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 List Of Documentssspy-up.gov.in – UP Widow Pension StatusUP Widow Pension Scheme – Age Ceiling Lifted by Yogi Aadityanath
Samajik Kalyan Vibhag of Uttar Pradesh govt. is running widow pension scheme for vidhwa women. The complete and latest list of UP widow pension scheme beneficiaries till the year 2020-21 is available at the official website at sspy-up.gov.in. Anyone can access this widow pension yojana list 2020-21, 2019-20 and of previous years very easily. 
Under this Vidhwa Pension Yojana, all widow women of any age whose name appears in the all India final BPL list are entitled to receive Rs. 300 per month. Eligible candidates can fill UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 online registration form or the beneficiaries can check pension status and pensioners list of beneficiaries at the official website of social welfare department sspy-up.gov.in.
Widow pension scheme list 2020-21, 2019-20 and of previous years can be checked on the basis of district, block and gram panchayat. The complete list of beneficiaries of UP vidhwa pension yojana displays the registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name of each beneficiary on quarterly basis.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Widow Pension List 2020-21 – How to Check
Checking the complete list of UP widow pension scheme beneficiaries or finding your name in the list is very easy. Just follow the below given procedure.

Visit the official Integrated Pension Portal of UP Government at http://sspy-up.gov.in.
The homepage will look similar to below given picture, now click on “निराश्रित महिला पेंशन” image on the homepage of the website as given below. Or directly click this link.
UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana Link

Now on the next page click on “पेंशनर सूची (2020-21)” link as shown below. Or directly click this link.
UP Widow Pensioners List 2020-21

Now click the links under your district “जनपद”, block “विकासखण्डं”, gram panchayat “ग्राम पंचायत” as displayed in the below image.
Gram Panchayat Wise Widow Pensioners List

After clicking the Gram Panchayat Name, click on the number given below the “कुल पेंशनर्स” under the your choice of quarter as instructed on the image below.
Quarterly Basis Vidhwa Pensioners Data

After clicking on the number, you will see the complete list of pensioners in the selected village for the selected village, as shown in the below image.
List of Vidhwa Pension Yojana Beneficiaries

Beneficiary registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name are completely visible in this list.

Applicants who are enrolled in the Widow Pension Scheme of Uttar Pradesh or those who have recently applied for the the scheme can check their name online by following the simple procedure given above. The vidhwa pension list 2020-21 or nirashrit mahila pension report is now available containing the complete district-wise list of pensioners. Similar process is to be followed to check the name in widow pension scheme list of 2019-20, 2018-19, 2017-18 and of previous years.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the first quarter of 2020, there were a total number of 26,06,213 pensioners and the state govt. has released a total amount of Rs. 260,62,13,000 (Rs. 260 crore).
UP Vidhwa Pension Scheme – What is it?
Under UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020, all the widow above of any age gets monthly pension of Rs. 300 with effect from 1 January 2017. All the eligible vidhwa women will get Rs. 300 monthly only after completing the process of filling widow pension application form and approval of the concerned authorities of Samajik Kalyan Vibhag in UP. Moreover, the widow must not be getting benefits of Old Age Pension Scheme, Viklang Pension Scheme or other pension schemes.
All the interested and eligible candidates now does not have to make unnecessary visits at the offices. Instead they can easily apply online to avail benefits of UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana 2020. This up govt. widow pension scheme will provide financial assistance to the poor widow women who has not not done remarriage.
UP Widow Pension Scheme – How to Apply Online
The complete procedure to apply online for UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana / Nirashrit Mahila Pension Yojana has been specified below:-

Visit the official website of Integrated Pension Portal sspy-up.gov.in
On the homepage, click the “Widow Pension” link present in the menu or photo with “निराश्रित महिला पेंशन” title or directly click this link
UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana 2020 Apply Online
Next click the “ऑनलाइन आवेदन करें” link
UP Widow Pension Yojana 2020 Apply Online
In the new window, click the “New Entry Form” link to open UP Widow Pension Scheme Online Application Form.
Subsequently, UP Widow Pension Scheme Application Form will appear as follows:-
UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 Online Application Form
Next candidates can fill personal details, bank details and income details and then “Save” details. Afterwards, candidates can click the “Edit Saved Form / Final Submit” option, view all their details and finally submit their application form.
Moreover, applicants can see their filled in completed application form through this link – View Application Form
Finally all the applicants must take a printout of the finally submitted application form. For more details, candidates can see User Manual.

Candidates must physically submit it to DSWO / DPO / DHWO office within 1 month from date of Final Submission. All the candidates are advised to see the UP Widow Pension Scheme application format through the link – Vidhwa Pension Yojana Application Format. 
UP Vidhwa Pension List of Pensioners 2019-2020
All the applicants who have previously applied for the uttar pradesh widow pension scheme 2019-20 can check their name in the Vidhwa Pension List UP 2019-20. This list of pensioners old age, vidhwa & viklang pension schemes is now available online district / tehsil / village wise at sspy-up.gov.in. This list consists of name of pensioner, father’s name, category, register number, amount, age, bank details, payment status and other details.
UP list of pensioners for vidhwa pension scheme for FY year 2019-20 can be viewed using the link given below:-
http://sspy-up.gov.in/WidowPension/WidowReportDistrictVise_1920.aspx
UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 List Of Documents
Candidates must submit the following documents along with the old age pension scheme up application form:-


Documents
Maximum Size and Format


Recent Passport Size Photograph (फोटो)
20 kb in JPEG Format


Birth / Age Certificate (जन्म / आयुप्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Identity Proof (पहचान प्रमाण पत्र) – Voter Card / Aadhaar Card / Ration Card
100 kb in PDF Format


Bank Passbook (बैंक पासबुक)
100 kb in PDF Format


Income Certificate (आय प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Death Certificate of Husband (पति की मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Candidates must also fill details of total no. of children (adults and non-adults), date of death of husband and whether children are able to feed themselves or not. 
Uttar Pradesh Widow Pension Scheme Eligibility – All the widow applicants before applying online must fulfill the UP Widow Pension Scheme eligibility criteria. To view applicability, click – Widow Pension Scheme Eligibility Criteria 
sspy-up.gov.in – UP Widow Pension Status
All the applicants can consistently check their application status on the same official website at sspy-up.gov.in. For viewing application status, applicants requires a password to make application login.
Steps to check the UP Widow Pension Yojana 2020 Application Status:-

All the candidates who wish to check the application status of uttar pradesh widow pension scheme 2020, visit the following link – “आवेदन की स्थिति“.
Step 1 – Firstly candidates needs to create a password using their application registration number and bank account through the link – Registration for Password
UP Widow Pension Application Status
Afterwards candidates have to make “Vidhwa Pension Login” using the password generated in 1st step and application registration number.
UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 Login
Furthermore, candidates can click the detailed guidelines to check application status.

UP Widow Pension Scheme – Age Ceiling Lifted by Yogi Aadityanath
Age limit has been lifted by Yogi Aadityanath under UP Widow Pension Scheme on 26 December 2018 as shown in the tweet below:-

pic.twitter.com/eALnutbHYr
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) December 26, 2018

All the details of UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 are given in this post. If still any person finds any difficulty in understanding, then visit the official website http://sspy-up.gov.in/IndexWIDOW.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: sspy-up.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. has announced that Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana (PMKSY) is going to be implemented in all districts of UP. PMKSY will extend coverage of irrigation ‘Har Khet ko Pani’ and improve water use efficiency ‘More Crop per Drop’ in focused manner. Yogi Adityanath said that PM Krishi Sinchayee Yojna will ensure water harvesting and increase productivity of farmers. 
The state govt. of UP was already providing 35% subsidy in addition to prescribed subsidy on drip irrigation system, sprinklers and other latest techniques of irrigation. All the small and marginal farmers are given 90% of cost of these units in form of subsidy and 80% in case of other farmers.
The subsidy amount is transferred directly to the bank account of farmers under govt’s direct benefit transfer (DBT) policy.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM Krishi Sinchayee Yojna in All UP Districts – Yogi
The UP state level approval committee has already signed contracts with 68 firms for providing drip and sprinkler irrigation systems for the upcoming 5 years. All the farmers are free to make deal with any of these firms and take advantage of PM Krishi Sinchayee Yojna. 
UP government has also stated that farmers covered by the PM Crop Insurance Scheme (PMCIS) should avail the scheme benefits if required. Under the flagship fasal bima yojana, crops of around 25.60 lakh farmers sown on 23.70 lakh hectare land were insured in the Kharif season in 2017. Out of these, 4.01 lakh farmers were paid an amount of Rs. 244.75 crore as compensation. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Similarly in the Rabi Season 2017-18, crops of around 28.13 lakh farmers sown on 23.07 lakh hectare land were insured under the crop insurance scheme. Out of these, around 1.79 lakh farmers were paid an amount of Rs. 119.85 crore as compensation.
In Kharif 2018-19, crops of 31.47 lakh farmers sown on 26.87 lakh hectare land were insured. Out of these, 5.58 lakh farmers were paid an amount of Rs. 419.54 as compensation.
In Rabi 2018-19 season, crops of 29.69 lakh farmers sown on 24.22 lakh hectares land were insured. Out of these, around 0.38 lakh farmers were paid Rs 18.11 crore as compensation.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.dailypioneer.com/2019/state-editions/pmksy-to-be--extended-to-all--districts-of-up.html
SAVE AS PDF


उत्तर प्रदेश वृक्षारोपण महाकुम्भ की शुरुआत होगी 9 अगस्त 2019 से, योगी आदित्यनाथ सरकार लगाएगी 22 करोड़ पौधे, इस अभियान के अंतर्गत हर युवा एक पौधे को गोद ले और उसका पोषण करे, सरकार की अपील है की सांस्कृतिक महाकुंभ की तरह वृक्षारोपण महाकुंभ को भी जन आंदोलन बनाएंUttar Pradesh govt. is going to start Vriksharopan Mahakumbh on the 77th anniversary of Quit India Movement. CM Yogi Adityanath led UP govt. aims to plant 22 crore saplings. The chief minister would launch this mega greenery drive by planting Harishankari, combination of 3 sacred trees – peepul, pakar and banyan – at Jaitikheda in Lucknow.
The honorable governor of UP, Anandiben Patel is also going to participate in Vriksharopan Mahakumbh drive and plant saplings at Ganga forest in Kasganj here. Yogi Adityanath will also distribute saplings absolutely free at parade ground on banks of Ganga-Yamuna confluence in Allahabad.
In order to ensure proper monitoring of growth of trees, majority of saplings planted at village panchayat level would be geotagged. UP govt. has also appointed “tree guardians” to nurture the plants and monitor their growth.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Yogi Govt. to Plant 22 Crore Trees – Vriksharopan Mahakumbh
The state govt. of Uttar Pradesh is all set to break its own previous record of planting trees by planting 22 crore saplings. UP govt. has prepared a micro plan for each gram panchayat to help farmers get saplings and plant them. Yogi Adityanth has included block development committees, gram pradhans and block development officers in its greenery drive.
This decision of Yogi Govt. to Plant 22 Crore Trees would play a crucial role in curbing air pollution, soil erosion and depletion of ground water level. Various farmers registered under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana and beneficiaries of various other schemes in its greenery drive.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP govt. has chosen saplings for plantation which mainly includes teak, drumstick, eucalyptus (gum trees), mango, mahua, berries, guava besides hundreds of other species.
UP Vriksharopan Mahakumbh 2019
All these saplings would be distributed absolutely free of cost among people. 

मेरी युवाओं से अपील है कि वे आगे आएं,हर युवा एक पौधे को गोद ले और उसका पोषण करे
सांस्कृतिक महाकुंभ की तरह वृक्षारोपण महाकुंभ को भी जन आंदोलन बनाएं
आइये,आगे बढ़ अपनी धरती माँ को बचाएं और आने वाली पीढ़ियों के लिए बेहतर पर्यावरण सुनिश्चित करें#UPHaritKranti #GreenUPGreenIndia
— Yogi Adityanath (@myogiadityanath) August 9, 2019
 
Out of these 22 crore trees, around 7 crore trees would be planted by the forest department and 15 crore trees by the other departments. Tree guardian will ensure that not only every sapling is planted but also cared for and bring geo-tagging of GPs to check status of plantation. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.devdiscourse.com/article/national/627568-cm-to-launch-vriksharopan-mahakumbh-on-august-kranti-anniversary
SAVE AS PDF


उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार द्वारा शुरू की गई इस सरकारी योजना में निराश्रित, बेसहारा गोवंश का पालन करने वाले किसानों को 30 रुपये प्रतिदिन प्रति पशु के हिसाब से पैसे दिये जाएंगेUttar Pradesh govt. has approved a new Chief Minister Destitute Cow Participation Scheme. Under this scheme of UP govt., each person who adopts 1 stray cattle will get Rs. 30 per day. This is because existing cow shelters are over-flowing with animals. Yogi Adityanath decides to put up 1 lakh such cows for public adoption. The state govt. will transfer Rs. 900 per month to bank account of willing persons who take home a cow.
Each such animal which is adopted would be ear-tagged for identity purposes under UP CM Destitute Cow Participation Scheme. Earlier in 2019, farmers in UP had taken up arms and protested over stray cattle destroying their fields. This is an aftermath of decision of ban on illegal slaughter of cattle in Uttar Pradesh.
There were various instances of farmers locking up stray cattle in govt. schools and offices which led to UP govt. to order opening of new cow shelters in every district. The UP govt. is paying Rs. 900 every month to upkeep each cattle to cow shelters too. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Yogi Govt. to Pay Rs. 30 / Day on Adopting Stray Cattle
As the cow shelters are overflowing with more than 10 to 12 lakh cattle and there are reports of cows dying due to neglect. So, UP govt. has approved a new Chief Minister Destitute Cow Participation Scheme. In this scheme, all the willing farmers, dairy farmers or common people can adopt a cow from existing shelters and take animal home.
In the 1st phase of adopting stray cattle scheme, govt. will hand over 1 lakh cattle to such members of public. UP govt. is going to transfer Rs. 900 per month to bank account of each such farmer for up-keep and nutrition of animal. The District Magistrates are going to identify such “willing adopters”. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state govt. of Uttar Pradesh will spend Rs. 109 crore on this exercise annually. In order to avail the scheme benefits, person who adopts the animal cannot sell or let loose / abandon the animal. The UP govt. will setup committee in each district to monitor exercise and each such animal handed over would be ear tagged. This ear tagging is to be done for identity and subsequent monitoring.
The UP government has the “potential to create employment and increase social participation”. This would increase the income of farmers and would reduce the extent of stray cattle in UP. In the subsequent phases, more cow can be put up for adoption depending upon initial success.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/up-govt-to-pay-rs-30-a-day-to-tend-stray-cattle-shrikant-sharma/articleshow/70554049.cms
SAVE AS PDF


योगी आदित्यनाथ की उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार अब गुड समारितन स्कीम २०१९ करेगी लांच, इस योजना में सड़क या रेल दुर्घटना के घायलों को अस्पताल पहुँचाने वालों को 2,000 रुपये नकद मिलेंगेUttar Pradesh govt. is planning to launch UP Good Samaritan Scheme 2019. Under this scheme, incentives of Rs. 2,000 would be given to those who brings injured people (in road / rail accidents) to hospitals. Yogi Adityanath Good Samaritan Scheme’s main focus is on ensuring that each injured person gets treatment on time. Moreover, this scheme will encourage people to help road accident victims.
This Good Samaritan Scheme of UP govt. comes after the recent Bus Accident of Mainpuri in which 17 people died after driver loses control on wheels. Final decision on the Yogi Good Samaritan Scheme 2019 is yet to be taken. 
Road Safety Council is working on encouraging people to help victims of accident.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Good Samaritan Scheme 2019 by Yogi Adityanath
After an increase in the number of road accidents in UP, Yogi Adityanath govt. works on a new policy to provide cash incentives to good samaritans. All those people who comes forward to help and take injured people to hospitals for treatment will get Rs. 2,000. The proposal for Yogi Good Samaritan Scheme has been sent and the scheme is expected to start in the next 2 or 3 months.
Previously, the state govt. has formulated policy to protect Good Samaritan which is existing since January 2016, but it is not enough. This move of providing Rs. 2,000 will minimize deaths from road accidents and make medical assistance available to victims within the crucial golden hour (1st hour after accident).


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Bystanders, who assist road accident victims already enjoys legal protection from police and hospital questioning and other legal hassles under the good Samaritan law. This law was made by the central government made after Supreme Court judgment in 2014.
Delhi, Gujarat, Odisha, Karnataka and Maharashtra already have Good Samaritan Scheme. Every state follows a different procedure to provide cash incentives to volunteers, so UP govt. has to lay down a procedure before official launch of scheme. The state govt. is expected to earmark Rs. 50 lakh for funding the Yogi Good Samaritan Scheme. 
However, the money will come from the Road Safety Fund and not the state govt’s budget. UP has lesser number of road accidents but the highest number of deaths. The major reason is that people doesn’t assist victims and a large number of injured persons lacks timely hospitalization. Yogi Good Samaritan Scheme in UP will encourage and motivate volunteers to help the injured ones.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/up-government-to-provide-rs-2000-incentive-to-good-samaritan/articleshow/70204638.cms
SAVE AS PDF


उत्तर प्रदेश वृद्धावस्था पेंशन योजना के अंतर्गत मिलने वाली पेंशन अब 500 रुपये प्रति माह, योगी आदित्यनाथ की अध्यक्षता में होने वाली कैबिनेट मीटिंग का फैसलाUttar Pradesh cabinet has raised the pension amount for elderly people under the UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2019. Under this Vridha Pension Scheme, all the senior citizens would now get Rs. 500 instead of Rs. 400. Over 4.5 million elder ones to benefit from UP Old Age Pension Yojana. UP govt. vridhavastha pension yojana will provide financial assistance to the poor households.
The UP state cabinet chaired by CM Yogi Adityanath has accepted this proposal of raising pension amount of older citizens by Rs. 100. To avail the pension benefits under UP Old Age Pension Scheme, candidates must not be a beneficiary of UP Widow Pension Scheme, UP Viklang Pension Scheme or other schemes. 
Interested candidates can fill the UP Old Age Pension Scheme Online Application Form through the official website of social welfare department sspy-up.gov.in.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Old Age Pension Scheme Amount Raised by Rs. 100
The new pension amount under the UP Old Age Pension Scheme to be given to the senior citizens is as follows:-

All the elder people in the age group of 60 to 79 years will now get Rs. 500 as monthly pension under the UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2019. This amount was previously Rs. 400 under the UP Vridha Pension Yojana. UP Cabinet has approved the proposal to raise the pension amount for this category of senior citizens by Rs. 100. Over 45 lakh people of the state would get benefited.
All the people above the age of 80 years will get Rs. 500 per month as pension under the UP Vridhavastha Pension Yojana.

The UP cabinet also gave its approval to demolish 76 houses that are in bad shape to start construction of AIIMS in Rae Bareli. A proposal to demolish the 47 shambles of type-1 and 29 of type-3 houses has been passed. Also to become an assistant teacher, B.Ed degree along with BTC is now compulsory. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP cabinet committee has also approved the 6th amendment in the rules (1961). This rule is to set-up micro-breweries in the state and now micro-breweries in the state have been allowed. The license fee is increased to Rs. 2.5 lakh (earlier Rs 25,000).The capacity for the production has also been fixed to 600 litres per day and 2.1 lakh litres per year. 
In addition to this, an amount of Rs 2 lakh would be charged for the license renewal of hotels, restaurants and pubs. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/uttar-pradesh-cabinet-okays-raising-pension-amount-for-elderly/articleshow/69741847.cms
SAVE AS PDF


योगी मुफ्त लैपटॉप योजना 2020 ऑनलाइन पंजीकरण / आवेदन पत्र आधिकारिक वेबसाइट upcmo.up.nic.in पर उपलब्ध हैं, उत्तर प्रदेश निशुल्क लैपटॉप स्कीम में 25 लाख मेधावी छात्रों को मिलेगा नि:शुल्क लैपटॉप, जानिये पात्रता और आवेदन की शर्तें

Table of Contents

Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Scheme (Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020)UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration / Online FormYogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana 2020 BeneficiariesYogi Free Laptop Distribution Scheme Eligibility
Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020 | UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration | UP Laptop Yojana Online Form | Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Distribution Scheme | Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana 2020 | Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme
Uttar Pradesh govt. led by Sh. Yogi Adityanath is going to start Free Laptop Scheme 2020 for meritorious students. In this Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020, the UP state govt. will start distribution of laptops to around 25 lakh youths. Now all the students can make UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration and fill online form at upcmo.up.nic.in. 
Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme is also going to benefit those students who are going to take admissions in reputed colleges or universities. The primary objective of Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Distribution Scheme is to provide quality education to students and to raise their productivity.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the students can now fill UP Laptop Yojana Online Form 2020 to avail free laptops under the Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana.
Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Scheme (Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020)
Some of the children gets admissions in the reputed colleges but due to shortage of money, they are unable to purchase laptops. As laptops in the todays world are a necessity for students for better learning of concepts. Accordingly, the state govt. of UP has started Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020 for students. UP Laptop Yojana Online Form will remain available at the UP CMO website.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration / Online Form
Similar to the free laptop schemes in other states, the state govt. of Uttar Pradesh may invite UP Laptop Yojana Online Form at the official website upcmo.up.nic.in or at a new dedicated portal. The UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration process has not yet been started. As soon as the Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020 online application form becomes available, we will update it here.
Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana 2020 Beneficiaries
In Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme, all the students who takes admission in reputed colleges or universities would be eligible. For this Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020, the minimum educational qualification is 12th pass. Most of the people from the economically weaker sections would get benefited from the Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Distribution Scheme.
Yogi Free Laptop Distribution Scheme Eligibility
All the candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to avail nishulk laptops under the Yogi Muft Laptop Vitaran Yojana:-

Students must be a permanent resident of the Uttar Pradesh state.
All the candidates must make UP Laptop Yojana 2020 registration only after passing 12th class.
UP Laptop Yojana Online Form should be filled by those students who are taking admission in reputed colleges / universities.
Any meritorious girl or boy child would be eligible for Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Distribution Scheme.

The laptops to be distributed under the Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme would comprise of the latest features like up to date processor and RAM. In this Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Scheme, the laptops to be distributed would contain better hard disk storage, movies, MS office and internet like facilities. The screen size of laptops would be larger, battery backup would be higher and would contain graphic card. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: upcmo.up.nic.in
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

RTE UP Admission 2019-20 Online Application Form for StudentsList Of Documents Required for RTE UP Admission 2019-20RTE UP Admission 2019-20 – Admission ScheduleAdding School Name – RTE UP School List 2019-20RTE UP Admission 2018-19 – Process of AdmissionsReferences
Uttar Pradesh govt. is inviting online application form for RTE UP Admission 2019-20 from students. Subsequently, candidates can fill Uttar Pradesh RTE Admission 2019-20 Online Application / Registration Form. Interested candidates can apply online for RTE 25 Admission Form 2019-20 Uttar Pradesh & fill rte up 2019-20 application form through the official website rte25.upsdc.gov.in
Under Right to Education Act – RTE 2009, there is a reservation of 25% seats in private schools for the children belonging to the economically weaker sections and socially disadvantaged sections of the society. Basic Education Board, UP has released the RTE UP Notification for FY 2019 and now candidates can fill the UP RTE 25 Admission Form 2019-20. 
Interested candidates can apply online for the RTE UP Admission 2019-20 through the official website. Uttar Pradesh RTE Admission 2019-20 online application / registration process includes 4 phases and the last date for each phase is given below.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

RTE UP Admission 2019-20 Online Application Form for Students
Below is the complete procedure to fill UP RTE 25 Admission Form 2019-20:-

Firstly visit the official website rte25.upsdc.gov.in
Subsequently on the homepage, click the “Online Application / Student Login” link present on the right side of the page or directly click this link
Afterwards, UP RTE Admission 2019-20 Student Registration Form will appear as shown below:-
RTE UP Admission 2019-20 Student Registration Form
Here candidates have to fill the necessary details and then click the “Register” button at the bottom.
Henceforth, a Student Registration Slip will appear on the screen. Candidates can print this registration slip and then click the “Complete the Form” button at the bottom.
Accordingly, UP RTE 25 Admission 2019-20 Students Application Form appears as follows:-
UP RTE Admission 2019-20 Student Application Form
Fill all the details correctly and upload supporting documents. Then select schools from the RTE UP School List and click the “Save” button.
Accordingly, candidates can see the RTE UP Student Application Form 2019 Preview and then click the “Lock and Final Print” button. Henceforth, candidates can click the “Final print” button to take a printout of the completed application form and complete the application process.

To see more details on how to fill Uttar Pradesh RTE Admission 2019-20 Online Application / Registration, click the link given here – RTE 25 Admission User Manual 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Check Application Status – Existing Candidates can also check the UP RTE Admission 2019-20 Application Status through clicking the link – Student Login
List Of Documents Required for RTE UP Admission 2019-20
The candidates must upload the following documents while filling the uttar pradesh rte admission form 2019-20 online application:-

Recent Passport Size image of the Student
Address Proof
Age Proof of Student
Self-Attested Document

RTE UP Admission 2019-20 – Admission Schedule
The complete schedule for RTE Admission 2019-20 can be checked through the link below:-
http://rte25.upsdc.gov.in/AdmissionSchedule.aspx
As per the official data, there were more than 21,000 rte25admission UP applicants under UP RTE in the previous FY. Out of these students, 15,626 applicants were given admission to private schools and are pursuing free education. 
Adding School Name – RTE UP School List 2019-20
If the name of the school does not appear in the RTE Admission 2019-20 School List, then candidates can make a request to add that particular school in the master database of the Up govt. through “Citizen Request (Add School)” link present on the homepage.
To see the Complete List of Schools participating in the UP RTE Admission Process, please click the link – List of Private Schools present on the left side of the homepage.
RTE UP Admission 2018-19 – Process of Admissions
Candidates can directly see the entire Admission process for UP RTE 25 Admission 2018-19 through the link given below:-
RTE UP Admission Process 2019
References
— In case of any further query, candidates can give a missed call on the RTE UP Helpline Number – 8000967874. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


उत्तर प्रदेश वोटर लिस्ट 2020 (PDF) अब सीईओ की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट ceouttarpradesh.nic.in पर उपलब्ध है, नयी मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम अपनी जानकारी या EPIC नंबर के आधार पर खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करें

Table of Contents

UP CEO Voter List with Photo Download (PDF Electoral Roll 2020)UP Voter ID Card Download – Find Name Online in CEO Voters ListUP CEO Final Voter List – Track Application Status
Election Commission of India had announced Lok Sabha Chunav Dates in the country. In the Uttar Pradesh state, voting was held in 7 phases i.e on 11th April, 18th April, 23rd April, 29th April, 6th May, 12th May and 19th May 2019. Chief Electoral Officer has published UP CEO Voter List 2020, here people can perform name search in the PDF Electoral Roll, download Voter ID Card and track voters list application status at ceouttarpradesh.nic.in.
All the citizens can check their name in the district wise CEO Uttar Pradesh Voters List 2020 with Photo and download Voter ID Card. The updated Electoral Rolls with Photo are available in the PDF format where people can find their name in the CEO UP Voter List 2020 and can Download Voter ID Card before casting their vote.
The entire PDF file of the UP Electoral Roll (Voter List) 2020 is now available. Here citizens can perform manual searching in the UP Voter List 2020. Moreover, people can adopt a hassle free process and check their names online.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP CEO Voter List with Photo Download (PDF Electoral Roll 2020)
Below is the complete procedure to download the District wise CEO UP Voters List 2020 (Final Electoral Roll):-

Firstly, visit the official CEO Karnataka website at ceouttarpradesh.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Electoral Roll PDF” tab under ‘Voter’s Information System’ section or directly click at UP CEO Voter List 2020 link
The Uttar Pradesh PDF Electoral Roll Download Page will appear as shown below:-
Uttar Pradesh Electoral Roll PDF Download
Here candidates can select the district name, assembly constituency name and then click at “Show” option to view the district wise or AC wise UP Voters List 2020.
Uttar Pradesh Final Voter List 2020 Download PDF
Here candidates can click at the “View” option under ‘Electoral Roll PDF’ as shown below:-
Uttar Pradesh Search Voter List by Name
Here candidates can enter the ‘Captcha’ and then click at the “View / Download” option to open the UP Voters List with Photo which will appear as shown below:-
2020 UP CEO Voter List with Photo
Citizens can download this PDF electoral roll of Uttar pradesh.

In this downloaded UP PDF Voter List with Photo, citizens will have to find their name manually and download Voter ID Card to enable themselves to caste their important vote.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Voter ID Card Download – Find Name Online in CEO Voters List
Below is the complete procedure to find your name online and download the Voter ID Card in Uttar Pradesh:-

All the people needs to visit the official website ceouttarpradesh.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Search Your Name in Electoral Roll” tab or directly click this link
The name find page of the UP CEO Voter List 2019-2020 will appear as shown below:-
Find Name UP CEO Voters List

UP CEO Final Voter List – Track Application Status
All the citizens can now track application status to include their name in the UP CEO Final Voter List 2020:-
https://www.nvsp.in/Forms/Forms/trackstatus
Here candidates can enter their Reference Number to view the Voter’s application status. For more details, visit the official website at http://www.ceouttarpradesh.nic.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: ceouttarpradesh.nic.in
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh government has launched Mukhyamantri Jan Arogya Yojana 2019 which is a new healthcare scheme for its citizens. This sub-scheme is a part of the central govt’s mega health scheme namely Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY). UP Mukhya Mantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan is going to provide free medical facilities to poor families who are not covered under the flagship Ayushman Bharat Yojana popularly known as Modicare.
UP Mukhyamantri Jan Arogya Yojana is going to benefit nearly a million households or 5.6 million beneficiaries who are deprived of Ayushman Bharat – National Health Protection Scheme (NHPS). Yogi Adityanath led UP govt. has allocated Rs. 111 crore for the Mukhya Mantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan in Annual Budget 2019-20. 
Undr this UP Mukhyamantri Jan Arogya Scheme, the state govt. will provide free medical cover of upto Rs. 5 lakh per family per annum to the beneficiaries.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Mukhyamantri Jan Arogya Yojana 2019
PM Jan Arogya Abhiyan is estimated to cover around 1.18 crore poor families (6 crore people) under UP PMJAY Scheme against the PAN India beneficiary count of around 50 crore. Now around 56 lakh more people would get free medical treatment upto Rs. 5 lakh in govt. / govt. aided / private hospitals. Along with the Ayushman Bharat Yojana, the state govt. will now cover 6.56 crore people through UP Mukhyamantri Jan Arogya Yojana. 
In the UP state Budget, the state govt. has also allocated Rs. 1,298 crore for Ayushman Bharat Yojana. Moreover, the state govt. has made a provision of Rs. 291 crore for Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana. In addition to this, govt. has setup Rs. 47.50 crore for setting up of 100 bed hospitals across the entire state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Yogi Adityanath has one-fifth of the country’s population and any improvement in UP healthcare index is going to have a positive impact on India. The state govt. is focusing on the use of the modern technology such as telemedicine to reach out to remote areas in order to provide adequate medical and healthcare facilities.
Till date, around 53 districts of Uttar Pradesh had been benefited under the National Mobile Medical Unit programme. In addition, the state govt. has launched 750 wellness or Arogya centres with the total count rising to 2,150 in the state. There were only 13 govt. medical colleges before 2014 but during the past 4 to 5 years, 15 new ones were coming up. This also includes a cancer institute, 2 AIIMS and AIIMS equivalent facility.
Yogi Adityanath also lay emphasis on savings cost on the procurement of medicines and other medical equipment in order to provide proper healthcare to poor and other deprived sections of the society. The official notification is available through the link below:-
http://information.up.nic.in/attachments/files/5c793c5a-6338-47c1-b075-7b960af72573.pdf





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG)UP SAG Scheme 2019 ComponentsUttar Pradesh SAG Scheme 2019 Coverage
CM Yogi Adityanath has launched Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG) in Uttar Pradesh in the state on 21 February 2019. The main objective of this SAG scheme is to take care of education of girls between 11 to 14 years of age till graduation level. The UP state govt. is going to ensure proper nutrition and special assistance for those girls who have left out their studies.
UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has also decided to observe 8th of every month as Adolescent Girls Day at Anganwadi centres across the state. 
Moreover, the state govt. of Uttar Pradesh is also planning to organize a nutrition campaign for adolescent girls on 8th March 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG)
Uttar Pradesh govt. has launched Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG) to take care of girl’s education who have left studies b/w 11 to 14 years of age till they complete graduation. The broad objectives of this SAG scheme in UP are to improve the nutritional, health and development status, promote awareness of health, hygiene, nutrition and family care. Moreover, SAG scheme would also provide them opportunities for learning life skills, going back to schools, help them in gaining a better understanding of social environment and take initiatives to become productive members of the society. 
UP SAG Scheme 2019 Components
There are 2 major components under the Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG) namely Nutrition Component and Non-Nutrition Component. The description of 2 components of the SAG scheme are as follows:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Nutrition Component – All the out of school girls b/w 11 to 14 years can take Home Ration or Hot Cooked Meal. There is a nutrition provision Rs. 9.50 per day which includes 600 calories along with 18‐20 gram of protein and recommended daily intake of micro-nutrients per day.

Non Nutrition Component – For all the out of school girls can avail IAS supplementation, Health check‐up and Referral services, Nutrition & Health Education (NHE), Counseling / Guidance on family welfare, ARSH, child care practices, Life Skill Education and accessing public services for 2-3 times a week.

Uttar Pradesh SAG Scheme 2019 Coverage
The Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG) in UP will cover all the out of school adolescent girls lying in the age group of 11 to 14 years. SAG Scheme was sanctioned by the central govt. in FY 2010 and is already implemented in 205 districts across the country. Afterwards, the govt. has expanded and universalize the SAG scheme in a phase wise manner in an additional 303 districts in 2017-18. 
The remaining districts were covered in FY 2018-19 with the simultaneous phasing out of the Kisahori Shakti Yojana. At present, around 508 districts in India are covered under the Scheme for Adolescent Girls (SAG). In the identified areas of remaining districts, KSY is implemented.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath is going to roll out UP Sadhu Pension Scheme 2019 for saints. Now all the seers would get monthly pension under UP Sadhu Pension Yojana for which state cabinet meeting is going to be held at Kumbh in Prayagraj later in January 2019. Yogi Adityanath at a recent high level meeting has decided to organize special camps to enroll saints under a first of its kind government pension scheme for seers.
UP Sadhu Pension Scheme 2019 is going to include all the saints whether homeless or nomadic sadhus. Moreover, UP CM Yogi has also decided to create a special category to include elderly sadhus.
CM Yogi Adityanath is a Hindutva icon and wants to prove this in lieu of the upcoming Lok Sabha (general) elections by providing pension to the saints.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Yogi Adityanath to Roll Out UP Sadhu Pension Scheme for Saints
CM Yogi Adityanath has decided to launch UP Sadhu Pension Scheme 2019 for seers. Under this pension scheme for saints in UP, the stipend would be raised from Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 per month. The decision for implementation of UP Saint Pension Scheme 2019 would be taken at Prayagraj Kumbh in a meeting which would be presided over by CM Yogi Adityanath. 
All the sadhus / saints of the Uttar Pradesh state above the age of 60 years would be covered under UP Saint Pension Scheme 2019. Moreover, CM Yogi has also made an announcement to hike the financial aid of the already existing UP Pension Scheme for Old Age, Disability & Windows of the state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The primary objective of announcing the UP Seers Pension Scheme 2019 is to provides better livelihood to the old age, Disable, Window & Sadhu of the state. UP Government has started enrollment of Sadhus of the state under UP Sadhu Pension Yojana from 20 January 2019.
Yogi Adityanath Pension Scheme Saints
Reactions on UP Pension Yojana for Seers
Former UP CM Akhilesh Yadav has reacted sharply to the government dole for seers and demanded that the state govt. must give monthly pension of Rs. 20,000 to seers. Moreover, he demanded the state govt. must reintroduce the Samajwadi pension scheme and honorarium of Rs. 50,000 must be given to those who were awarded Yash Bharti under the previous government.
Another demand of former CM was that the state govt. must announce pension for those who recite Ramayan in villages and artists who portay the roles of Lord Rama, Sita, Bharat and Ravana. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Yogi Adityanath may again start the flagship UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana to waive off banks loans of small and marginal farmers. Uttar Pradesh govt. has already started the survey to identify farmers for UP Kisan Karj Rahat Scheme / Fasal Rin Mochan for the second time. Moreover, it is also possible that the state govt. will invite UP Farm Loan Waiver online applications at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in. 
All the applicant farmers can track their Uttar Pradesh Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana loan redemption status, check name in the Kisan Karz Rahat List and can make online complaints at the official Kisan Karj Rahat portal. 
UP Fasal Rin Mochan Scheme will be implemented for 2nd time in current FY 2019. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana 2019 – Rin Mochan / Karj Rahat Scheme by Yogi
As per the information provided by the sources, it is being said that the state govt. of Uttar Pradesh may again start UP Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana. Yogi Adityanath led UP govt. is planning to start Kisan Karj Rahat Scheme for the second time after coming to power. Previously this Karz mafi / Rin Mochan scheme was launched to waive off farm loans of around 86 lakh farmers with an outlay of Rs. 36,000.
All the farmers who have previously availed the benefits of UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana would be included again in the Karj Rahat scheme. In addition, UP Fasal Rin Mochan Scheme is expected to cover all those farmers who have been left out of taking benefits of the 1st phase of UP Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana. Moreover, farmers who have made complaints on the upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in portal would also be included to waive off their pending loans.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

For this UP Kisan Karj Rahat Scheme 2019, govt. has started the survey for identification of farmers and has also opened a help desk at the district level. At this help desk, farmers can make complaints for Kisan Karj Mafi Scheme. The state govt. is connecting with a large number of farmers through this UP Kisan Karz Mafi helpdesk. Uttar Pradesh is addressing concerns of farmers to provide them with the benefits of Rin Mochan Scheme.
In Hardoi district of Uttar Pradesh, farmers are arriving and standing in queue at the office of district agriculture officer to avail the benefits of UP Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana 2019. The farmers are submitting Kisan Karj Rahat Scheme application forms in a large number. 
Earlier, state govt. has issued orders to open Kisan Rin Mochan Scheme helpdesk for farmers. All the farmers who have been left out of the previous UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana 1st phase would now be benefited in the second phase of Farm Loan Waiver Scheme in Uttar Pradesh.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Online Registrations for Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana (Kisan Karj Rahat) in UPDocuments Required for UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana / Fasal Rin Mochan YojanaEligibility Criteria for UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme / Kisan Karj Mafi YojanaOfficial Website at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.inAdvertisement of Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana
Uttar Pradesh Government has launched Uttar Pradesh Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana (UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme 2019) online portal at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in. The eligible interested farmer candidates can register themselves to avail the farm loan waiver under the scheme. The UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana was launched on 9th July 2017 for waiving off the farm loans of farmers.
UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana or the loan waiver scheme is expected to benefit about 86 lakh farmers across the state whose loans would be waived off by the government. UP farm loan waiver scheme or the fasal rin mochan yojana is the first official scheme launched by CM Yogi Aadityanath after coming to the power. By 17th of August 2019, all the eligible farmers should get the loan waiver and thereafter the loan waiver certificates.
Latest Update – Now farmers can track their Loan Redemption Status and see the Farmers Karj Mafi List. Moreover, the online UP Kisan Karj Mafi Complaint Login & Status is also included at the Karz Mochan Portal. For more details – Click Here



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The farm loan waiver scheme 2019 in Uttar Pradesh is being implemented on district-wise where the scheme implementation is being supervised by the district magistrate. The farmers who meet the eligibility criteria for the scheme can register themselves on the online portal at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in.
Online Registrations for Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana (Kisan Karj Rahat) in UP
STEP 1: Eligible farmers have to visit the official website of UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana or the farm loan waiver scheme 2019 at http://upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 2: If the farmer is already a member on the website, he/she can use the “Login” button to login with the user id and password.
STEP 3: For new registration, farmers first will have to sign up by providing all required information on the website. The registration form for loan waiver can be filled after the sign up process is complete.
STEP 4: Information such as name, age, contact details, bank account, Aadhar number and also land & loan details would be required in the loan waiver registration form.
STEP 5: After filling and verifying all the information, click the “Submit” button. The verification process would be started later by the department.
Documents Required for UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana / Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana
Eligible farmers would be required to submit at least the following two documents
1. Aadhaar card
2. Land papers of the farmers
The bank account number and details will also be needed for the scheme.
Eligibility Criteria for UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme / Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana
Below is the eligibility criteria for the farm loan waiver scheme in Uttar Pradesh

The farmer must be the residents of Uttar Pradesh.
The farmers’ lands on which the loan is taken must be within the UP state premise.
Farm loans before 31st March, 2016 will only be eligible to get the loan waiver under the scheme.
Loan amount of up to Rs. 1 Lac would be eligible for the scheme.
The farmer’s bank account should be linked with the Aadhar number.
Farmers with the ownership of lans of up to 2 Hectares would only be entitled to get the loan waiver benefits.

Official Website at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in
The official website for the UP loan waiver scheme is http://upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in/. All the information regarding the registration process and other details is available at this official website. The official booklet of the UP farm loan waiver scheme 2019 can be downloaded from the official website at http://upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in/img/English%20Booklet%20for%20PDF.pdf
Download in Hindi
Helpline
The state government has also released helpline toll free numbers to get any detail about the scheme
Nodal Officer: 9235209436
District Lead Manager: 9412626279
Also Read – MP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojna
Advertisement of Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana
UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Farmers Registration Online Form for Rabi Crops (Kisan Panjikaran 2020-21)UP Kisan Registration Apply Form Print / CorrectionUP Kisan Registration Application Format to Sell Rabi Agriculture CropsUP Gehu Kharid Hetu Helpline Number
Uttar Pradesh govt. invites UP Kisan Registration Online Form at fcs.up.gov.in to enable farmers to sell wheat of Rabi season 2020. Now the UP farmer online registration form are available at the official food portal of Uttar Pradesh. CM Yogi Adityanath has requested all the farmers to perform panjikaran as soon as possible to ensure that farmers get minimum support price (MSP) for their agriculture produce.
After filling the Kisan Registration Online Form at UP Food portal, farmers would be able to sell their agriculture produce at government procurement centers. Amid Coronavirus (COVID-19) lockdown, UP govt. has provided relaxation to farmers to enable them to cut their crops and sell it in the mandis from 20 April 2020.
Accordingly, UP Gehu Kharid e Kray Pranali is now functional and all the farmers who are interested in selling their wheat crops can now make online registration at upagripardarshi.gov.in or fcs.up.gov.in or eproc.up.gov.in/Uparjan/Home_Reg.aspx



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Farmers Registration Online Form for Rabi Crops (Kisan Panjikaran 2020-21)
Below is the complete procedure for farmers to fill Kisan Registration online form to sell their wheat in FY 2020-21:-

Firstly visit the official Uttar Pradesh Agriculture Dept’s website at http://upagripardarshi.gov.in/Index.aspx
At this portal, scroll down to find link for “Registration for Paddy / Wheat Purchase” as shown here:-
upagripardarshi.gov.in Kisan Registration Online Agriculture Dept

It will redirect you to the official portal of Food & Civil Supplies dept. of UP at fcs.up.gov.in 
At the homepage, click at the “खरीद हेतु किसान पंजीकरण” link or directly click this link to open the e kray pranali (crop procurement management) page as shown here:-
E Kray Pranali Gehu Bikri

Afterwards, click at the “गेहूँ खरीद हेतु किसान पंजीकरण” link to open link given below:-
https://eproc.up.gov.in/wheat/Uparjan/farmerreg_home.aspx

There are 7 steps at this page, read instruction and then follow these steps. “स्टेप 1. पंजीकरण प्रारूप” page to open the application format.
Next click at the “स्टेप 2. पंजीकरण प्रपत्र” in the main menu to open the UP Kisan Panjikaran Online Form as shown below:-
UP Kisan Panjikaran Online Mobile No.

Here enter the mobile no, verify it and proceed to open the UP Farmers Registration online application form rabi 2020-21:-
UP Farmers Registration Online Apply Form
Here candidates can fill all the personal, land, address and bank account details accurately.

Finally, applicants can click at the “पंजीकरण करें” button to complete the registration process.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Kisan Registration Apply Form Print / Correction
All the applicant farmers can click at the स्टेप 3. पंजीकरण ड्राफ्ट to open the online farmer registration draft as shown below:-
Print UP Farmer Registration Form
Moreover, all the applicants can also click at the स्टेप 4. पंजीकरण संशोधन to make any changes in the filled in application form as shown below:-
UP Kisan Panjikaran Correction Form
To complete the Kisan Panjikaran process, click at the स्टेप 5. पंजीकरण लॉक and स्टेप 6. पंजीकरण फाइनल प्रिंट links.
UP Kisan Registration Application Format to Sell Rabi Agriculture Crops
Candidates can also see the application format to sell their agriculture produce namely wheat of rabi 2020-21 season through the link given below:-
https://eproc.up.gov.in/wheat/Uparjan/Farmer_Registration.pdf
The UP Kisan online registration application format will appear as shown below for gehu kharid registration 2020:-
UP Gehu Kharid Registration 2020 Format Rabi Crops
UP Gehu Kharid Hetu Helpline Number
Helpline Number: 1967
Toll Free Number: 1800 1800 150
Official Website: http://fcs.up.gov.in/FoodPortal.aspx, upagricpardarshi.gov.in, eproc.up.gov.in/Uparjan/Home_Reg.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: eproc.up.gov.in/Uparjan/Home_Reg.aspx, fcs.up.gov.in, upagricpardarshi.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Yogi Adityanath has given directions to the officials to extend the pension facility to 14 lakh more beneficiaries in Uttar Pradesh. These UP CM new pension beneficiaries include widows, farmers, old age and specially-abled persons of Uttar Pradesh who despite being eligible were not covered under the schemes. With this decision of UP CM Yogi Adityanath, around 14,21,539 new beneficiaries would now be able to avail the benefits of pension schemes.
UP govt. has identified all the left out beneficiaries in district wise survey which includes 3,96,269 widows, 9,04,609 farmers and old age people and 1,20,661 specially abled persons. All the left out candidates would have to fill the application form and upon the verification of documents, these new eligible beneficiaries will start getting pension amount. 
All the new beneficiaries will get the pension benefits under the ongoing Widow Pension scheme, Old Age Pension / Farmers Pension scheme and Handicapped (Viklang) Pension scheme in Uttar Pradesh.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Pension Schemes to Cover 14 lakh More Beneficiaries
UP govt. has asked the officials for the extension of pension facility to over 14 lakh persons who inspite of fulfilling the required norms were unable to get the govt. schemes benefits. Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath has decided to extend the pension benefits to all widows, farmers, the aged and disbaled persons who fulfilled the required norms but were not covered under the schemes. After the implementation of this decision, over 14.21 lakh beneficiaries will become eligible to avail the pension schemes benefits.
During his recent visits to the district visits, the chief minister Yogi was apprised as certain people were left out of the pension schemes even though they had been complied with required norms. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

People were eligible to avail the scheme benefits but were not getting any pension amount meant for them. So, UP CM Yogi Adityanath has issued directions to identify all such eligible persons and even a recommendation to this effect was made after the verification of new names.
CM Yogi Adityanath New Pension Beneficiaries
In the recent district-wise surveys by the UP government, around 3.96 lakh widows were identified who are now going to be covered under the Widow (Vidhwa) Pension scheme. In addition to this, around 9.04 lakh farmers and old age persons have been identified and they will now get pension schemes meant for them. More than 1.20 lakh disabled persons have been identified to get assistance in the form of pension under (Viklang) Pension scheme.
References
For more details on the decision of Yogi, click at – UP CM New Pension Beneficiaries 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Nivesh Mitra Portal Online Registration & LoginUP Nivesh Mitra Single Window Portal ServicesNivesh Mitra Portal Features
Nivesh Mitra is a dedicated single window portal of Uttar Pradesh govt. to facilitate Ease of Doing Business in UP. Entrepreneurs can make Login / Registration at the official portal at www.niveshmitra.up.nic.in. This is a one stop solution for online application, consolidated fee payment and monitoring the status. 
At UP Nivesh Mitra Single Window Portal, around 70 services of 20 department are available online. Moreover, this online portal also contains list of required certificates, no objection certificate (NOC) and licences. Online 3rd party verification of certificates / NOCs / Licences is also available online. 
The most striking feature is provision to download final approved and digitally signed certificates / licences.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Nivesh Mitra Portal Online Registration & Login
Nivesh Mitra Single Window Portal is a complete EODB patform for entrepreneurs for all approvals. Below is the complete procedure to make registration and login at the UP Nivesh Mitra single window portal:-

Firstly visit the official website niveshmitra.up.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Register Here” link at the ‘Login’ window as shown in the figure below:-
UP Nivesh Mitra Portal Login
Afterwards, the UP Nivesh Mitra Entrepreneur Registration Form will appear as follows:-
UP Nivesh Mitra Entrepreneur Registration Form
Here entrepreneurs will have to enter the company name, entrepreneur name, mobile number and email-ID and click at the “Register” button to complete the registration process.

Here departments can raise query only once in the application. “Know Your Approval” feature will assist investors in understanding approvals. People can setup business in Uttar Pradesh using New Single Window Portal Nivesh Mitra. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Nivesh Mitra Single Window Portal Services
This portal would contain the 70 services of 20 departments online. Here is the list of services by various departments:-


Labour
Power
Electrical Safety
Stamp & Registration


Fire Safety
Housing Registrar – Firms, Societies & Chits
Revenue
Excise


Pollution Control Board
Weights & Measures
Forest
UPSIDC


Urban Development Public Works
Noida / Greater Noida
Yamuna Expressway
Food Safety & Drugs Administration PICUP


This portal will assist in collaboration in the holistic development of industry friendly environment. This would be through progressive regulatory processes, efficient system and effective measurable timelines.
UP Nivesh Mitra Single Window Portal
This will facilitate “Ease of Doing Business in Uttar Pradesh” by facilitating entrepreneurs with electronic based transparent system for online submission, tracking of applications and online fees payment.
Nivesh Mitra Portal Features
The important features and highlights of Nivesh Mitra Single Window Portal are as follows:-

This is an entrepreneur friendly application to enable ease of doing business in U.P
It is a transparent, unified, one-stop solution for investor onboarding & time bound delivery of services
There is online access, document submission & processing of application forms for setting up of industries & enterprises
Moreover, there is a provision of Common Application Form (CAF) for applying to pre-establishment and pre-operation clearances / approvals

For more details, candidates can call on the helpline number at 0522-2238902 or can send an e-mail to [email protected] 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state govt. of UP has hiked the SC / ST annual scholarship amount by Rs. 750 and raised the income limit of the beneficiary family to Rs. 2.50 lakh to ensure inclusion of more students. Yogi Adityanath govt. has decided to provide scholarship to each eligible student in Uttar Pradesh. UP govt. will disburse scholarship amount and make fees reimbursement from the state budget to around 1.10 crore students in FY 2018. 
All the students from SC / ST community would also remain eligible for fees reimbursement which will be given on the basis of merit. UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath has announced these decisions during the review meeting of Social welfare department held on 22 October 2018.
Majority of the students including those whose cases have been renewed in Uttar Pradesh have been paid scholarship on 2 October 2018 while the remaining scholarship will be awarded by 26 January 2019.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Yogi Adityanath Hikes SC / ST Annual Scholarship in UP
Extending a diwali gift for SC / ST students, Yogi Adityanath govt. has raised the amount for Pre-Matric scholarship from Rs. 2250 to Rs. 3000 per annum. In addition, the state govt. has raised the income limit of beneficiary families from Rs. 2 lakh to Rs. 2.50 lakh to include more students.
Similar facilities will also be extended to the poor students of the general category. Around 23 lakh students have been awarded scholarships and around 40 lakh have been paid pension worth Rs. 1952 crore in FY 2018 under the Yogi government.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

In the current fiscal year 2018, a record number of around 1 crore 10 lakh students have submitted applications for scholarship. All the students from the general, SC, ST, OBC & minorities community will receive scholarship amount.
Uttar Pradesh Government Annual Scholarship Students
In the previous years, the total number of students getting scholarship and fees reimbursement in a single year was around 60 to 70 lakh which has now raised to 1.10 crore in this year. Around 85 lakh students have already taken the final print of the submitted applications in 2018 and this number was 70 lakh in the FY 2017. 
Yogi govt. lay emphasis on inclusion of more beneficiaries under the schemes like National Family Welfare Scheme and CM’s Community Marriage Scheme.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Yogi Adityanath has launched the online facility for Haisiyat Praman Patra at edistrict.up.nic.in in Uttar Pradesh. The state govt. is inviting UP haisiyat certificate online application form at the official edistrict portal or at the website of revenue department. The fees to fill haisiyat praman patra online form is set at Rs. 100 + user charges, Rs. 120 at jan seva kendras and Rs. 110 while applying through citizen’s portal.
UP state govt. will ensure that all the applications received for haisiyat certificate are completed with 30 days as this will ensure transparency. The evaluation of haisiyat of one person can also be evaluated on the basis of “Private valuer” which is certified by income tax (IT) department.
All the citizens who wants a documentary proof of their total property value can apply online for haisiyat praman patra. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Haisiyat Praman Patra Online Application Form
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for haisiyat certificate in UP:- 

Visit the official website edistrict.up.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “सिटीजन लॉगिन” link or directly click this link to open the UP citizen e-services login page which will appear as follows:-
UP Citizen e-Services Login Page
Here click at the “New users Register” link to open the UP haisiyat certificate online registration form:-
UP Haisiyat Certificate Online Registration Form
Fill all the details like name, date of birth, address, mobile number, e-mail id and login ID and click at the “सुरक्षित करें” tab at the bottom. Then an OTP would be sent on the registered mobile number which would be the citizen’s “password” for the first time login.
Next login to change the password and then after logging in, click at the “आवेदन भरें” link.
Then select the ‘haisiyat certificate (हैसियत प्रमाण पत्र)’ service the from “सेवा चुनें” section and click at the new application form (नवीन आवेदन करें) link. Here read all the instructions and click at the “आगे बढ़ें” tab to open the Haisiyat Praman Patra online application form.
Haisiyat Praman Patra Online Application Form
Here candidates will have to provide information about the applicant, their property and provide detailed documentary proof to complete the application process.

Furthermore, candidates can take a printout of the completed haisiyat certificate application form and must keep it for any future reference. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the applicants will get their Haisiyat Praman Patra within 30 days of the date of application. Yogi said that providing services to the people at ease and without any hassle & fear in a transparent manner is only poosible due to good governance.

अब घर बैठे ऑनलाइन बनवा सकेंगे गैर विवादित वरासत और हैसियत प्रमाणपत्र। pic.twitter.com/tlW6PBxU3w
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) October 29, 2018

Now check the Haisiyat Praman Patra Official Notification as it appears on the UP CMO website. The state govt. is also planning to start online facility for apna khata online (khasra and khatauni) in the state. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Divyang (Viklang) Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Registration FormUP Divyang (Handicap) Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Application FormUP Divyangjan Shaadi-Vivaah Protsahan Puraskar Yojana Application StatusUP Handicapped Marriage Incentives Application Form Re-Print
Uttar Pradesh govt. is inviting online registrations for UP Divyangjan Shadi Vivaah Protsahan Puraskar Yojana. Under this scheme, the state govt. will provide incentives upto Rs. 35,000 on marriage of handicapped people. Divyangjan Sashaktikaran Vibhag will provide this incentive amount even if one of the spouse is viklang (specially abled). People can apply online for Divyang (Handicap) Shadi Protsahan Yojana to get marriage assistance at divyangjan.upsdc.gov.in 
If the boy is viklang, then financial assistance of Rs. 15,000 would be provided under UP Divyang (Viklang) Shadi Protsahan Yojana. If the girl is handicap, then financial assistance of Rs. 20,000 would be provided under UP Divyang (Handicap) Shadi Protsahan Yojana. If both are handicapped, then financial assistance of Rs. 35,000 would be given under this scheme. 
Viklang Kalyan Vibhag is currently inviting online registrations from the Handicapped person to avail the benefits of Divyangjan Shaadi-Vivaah Protsahan Puraskar Yojana.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Divyang (Viklang) Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Registration Form
Below is the complete procedure to fill Handicapped Shaadi-Vivaah Protsahan Puraskar Yojana in Uttar Pradesh:-

Firstly visit the official website of Divyangjan Sashaktikaran Vibhag at divyangjan.upsdc.gov.in
UP Divyang Viklang Shadi Protsahan Yojana
At the homepage, click at the “पंजीकरण / आवेदन करने हेतु निचे क्लिक करें” link or directly visit this link
Afterwards, the Divyang (Viklang) Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Registration Form will appear as follows:-
UP Divyang Viklang Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Registration Form
Here candidates needs to enter the personal details, upload documents to completely fill the registration process.
Finally, candidates needs to click at the “Submit” button to complete the registration process.

Applicants needs to upload Disability Certificate (40% or more disability) & Marriage Certificate to get Registration Number.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Divyang (Handicap) Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Application Form
After making online registrations, candidates can fill completed application form for Divyang (Handicap) Shadi Protsahan Yojana. To fill the online application form, candidates needs to visit the official website divyangjan.upsdc.gov.in. Then click at the “पंजीकरण के बाद / अपूर्ण आवेदन आवेदन पत्र भरने के लिए” link or directly click this link. Afterwards, candidates needs to enter the Registration Number which they got after making registration. UP Divyang (Handicap) Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Application Form will appear as follows:-
UP Divyang Handicap Shadi Protsahan Yojana Online Application Form
After entering the registration number and clicking on “Submit” button, candidates needs to fill the newly opened application form. 
UP Divyangjan Shaadi-Vivaah Protsahan Puraskar Yojana Application Status
All the candidates can check their Application status after filling the completed application form. To check the application status, click the “आवेदन पत्र की स्तिथि पता करने हेतु यहाँ क्लिक करें” link or directly click this link. Application Status Check Page will appear as follows:-
UP Divyangjan Shadi Vivaah Protsahan Puraskar Yojana Application Status
Here candidates needs to select the “District”, enter the “Reg. No” and click at the “Search” button to check the application status. 
UP Handicapped Marriage Incentives Application Form Re-Print
To re-print UP Handicap Marriage Incentive Application Form, click at the “आवेदन पत्र पुनः प्रिंट करने हेतु यहां क्लिक करें” link. Here candidates needs to enter the Application Number to re-print the application form. 

दिव्यांगजन शादी-विवाह प्रोत्साहन पुरस्कार योजना के लिए वेबसाइट https://t.co/ilKU1GzXNk पर ऑनलाइन आवेदन करें। pic.twitter.com/MlfR2ruiQi
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) September 16, 2018

For more details, visit the official website http://divyangjan.upsdc.gov.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is going to launch KG to PG Scheme to provide free and compulsory education to all the students. This scheme will be launched in a few cities from the next academic session. Under this scheme, free education would be given to all students between Kindergarten (KG) to Post Graduate (PG) level in all government institutions. Yogi Aadityanath is soon going to make an announcement in this regard. 
UP Free Education Scheme is going to benefit poor people to a large extent. This information about the launch of UP KG to PG Scheme was given by Dinesh Sharma in a convocation ceremony of Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University. Now all the students who drop out due to lower family income will be able to complete their studies and build their career.
People from the economically weaker sections will get most of the benefits of Free Education Scheme in UP. They would be able to earn their livelihood and contribute towards the growth of the society.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Uttar Pradesh KG to PG Scheme – Free Education in UP
All the students in the Uttar Pradesh will be given access to quality education from their KG standard till they complete their Post Graduate course. The state govt. focuses on making people understand the need of sending their children to the schools. Education is the most important part of one’s life without which no one can become a good human being. The state govt. has decided to make an academic calendar to ensure that studies takes place in institutions for atleast some fixed number of days.
UP govt. wants to start this KG to PG Scheme to make the complete education of students absolutely free. In addition to this, govt. has also decided to reduce the exam schedule for both UP Board and Degree Colleges. People who are denied of good education are always forced to live in backwardness and does not get the jobs as per their talent. So to provide them quality life, education is important.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Backward Class Students will get benefited and any hindrance in their path of education will be eliminated. The state govt. is also planning to perform counselling or giving advice to the parents in order to make them aware about the importance of education. Govt. is also planning to set a target for course completion in a certain specified number of days.
All the children belonging to economically backward classes can get absolutely free education and build a future for themselves. Accordingly the primary objective is to train people to enable them to get good jobs / placements in private or government sector. This free educational policy is a part of Yogi govt’s efforts to improve the standard of education.
Previously in the month of February, CM Yogi Aadityanath has announced to make education free upto Intermediate level (Class 12th). The state govt. has also passed a bill in the UP Assembly to check arbitrary hike in fees by private schools. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. will provide incentives to SC / ST, Minority and Poor Entrepreneurs under One District One Product Scheme. Under ODOP Scheme, govt. will promote Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) by fostering the traditional industries. The state govt. would provide subsidy / margin money on project cost to new enterprises which are being setup by weaker sections of society. 
UP govt. has potential to become trillion dollar economy as it is abundant in socio-economic resources of manpower, handicraft and traditional industries. This decision is taken in the cabinet meeting on 11 September 2018 after first ODOP Summit here on 10 August 2018. 
This scheme will provide jobs and self opportunities to 2.5 million youths over next 5 years with ODOP.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP ODOP Scheme – Incentives to SC / ST / Minority / Poor Entrepreneurs
Under One District One Product Scheme, the state govt. will provide subsidy on project cost to new enterprises being setup. Subsidy under ODOP Scheme would be given to MSMEs as follows:-

Projects costing upto Rs. 2.5 million will attract 25% subsidy or Rs. 6,25,000 (whichever is lower) from the state government.
If Project cost lies between Rs. 2.5 million and Rs. 5 million, then subsidy of 20% or Rs. 6,25,000 (whichever is highest) would be provided.
Firstly, the state govt. will provide this subsidy as margin money from commercial banks. This amount will later get converted to grant on successfully running of enterprise for 2 years.
Projects costing b/w Rs. 5 million and Rs. 1.5 billion, then margin money of upto 15% or 1 million (whichever is higher) will be given.
In case the projects costs more than 1.5 billion, govt. would provide margin money / grant of 10% or Rs. 2 million (whichever is lower).
Entrepreneurs who belongs to general category are required to make contribution of 10% of total project cost through their own resources. However, this mandate is now relaxed to 5% for SC / ST / OBC / Minorities / Women and Physically Challenged People.

'एक जनपद-एक उत्पाद (ओडीओपी)' कार्यक्रम के तहत वित्त पोषण के लिए सहायता योजना को कैबिनेट की मंजूरी। #UPCabinet pic.twitter.com/PVSJVAx6xE


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

— Yogi Government Updates (@yogigovtupdates) September 11, 2018


A new task force would be constituted who is assigned the responsibility to select the beneficiaries at district level. This would comprise of representatives from local administration, bankers, industries department etc.
UP govt. has exchanged Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Amazon, Wipro GE Healthcare, Quality Control of India (QCI), National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) to boost MSME sector. This would be done through skill training, capital, marketing support and institutional aids. More than 10 billion loans were also distributed to 4,095 entrepreneurs.
The state govt. wants to replicate the success of Japan and Thailand to promote traditional industries for socio-economic growth through ODOP. This will boost the traditional crafts in around 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh. This aims to promote Brand UP globally. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. will launch UP PMJAY Health Insurance Scheme on 28 September 2018. This scheme will benefit around 1.18 crore poor families under Ayushman Bharat Yojana. Each family whose name appears in SECC-2011 data will get Rs. 5 lakh Insurance cover under the flagship Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY). In Uttar Pradesh, govt. will also provide Golden Cards to UP PM Jan Arogya Yojana Beneficiaries. 
This National Health Protection Scheme (NHPS) in will help people in getting secondary and tertiary hospitalization at govt. and private empanelled hospitals. People who cant afford quality treatment can now avail treatment at NHPM Treatment Package Rates at all Health and Wellness Centers under UP PM Jan Arogya Yojana. There is no restriction on age, income and number of family members under UP Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana. 
Latest Update – Check Uttar Pradesh PMJAY List of Hospitals to find Ayushman Bharat empanelled hospitals.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All those people whose name appears in the Rural & Urban Beneficiary list in Uttar Pradesh can apply for claim settlement. Under UP PMJAY Scheme, around 6 crore people (1.18 cr families) will be benefited.
UP PMJAY Health Insurance Scheme – Ayushman Bharat in Uttar Pradesh
PMJAY is the flagship scheme of Narendra Modi with an objective of “Health For All”. The announcement to launch Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) was made by Narendra Modi on Independence Day (15 August 2018) from Red Fort. All the beneficiaries who have been identified as per socio-economic caste census will be benefited. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Around 1.18 crore families (6 crore people) in Uttar Pradesh will be given Rs. 5 lakh health insurance under Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY). Govt. is planning to further extend the benefits of this scheme to eligible beneficiaries left out of 2011 census. Survey is being carried out to provide benefits to UP PM Jan Arogya Yojana. 
Under UP PMJAY Health Insurance Scheme, daycare facility such as laser operation or dental procedures will also be covered. In addition to this, all the treatments which requires hospitalization are also be covered. Even the post hospitalization, govt. will provide financial assistance for consultation and medicine fees. A total number of 1350 serious diseases will be covered under this scheme.
Golden Cards to UP PM Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) Beneficiaries
To successfully implement the UP PMJAY Scheme, govt. is making provisions to deploy Arogya Mitras in hospitals. These Arogya Mitras will assist making beneficiaries understand the complete process for PM Jan Arogya Yojana in Uttar Pradesh. Till date, govt. has listed 274 hospitals and have received an application from 700 more hospitals who are willing to join UP PMJAY Health Scheme.
On 23th September, after the Nationwide launch of Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY), it is expected that around 1000 medical centres will join UP PMJAY Scheme. All the UP PMJAY Rural & Urban beneficiaries will now get Golden Cards to avail treatment benefits under UP PM Jan Arogya Yojana. To successfully implement UP PMJAY Health Insurance Scheme across the state, the state has been divided into 4 zones.
PM Jan Arogya Yojana is launched on the birth anniversary of Ramdhari Singh Dinkar on 23 September 2018. This Ayushman Bharat Yojana in Uttar Pradesh will ensure proper access to good quality and affordable healthcare to poor people. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Online Application Form by KDAPMAY Kanpur KDA Flats Online Registration – Important PointsReferences
Kanpur Development Authority (KDA), Uttar Pradesh is inviting Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Online Application Form. KDA has started Online registration of flats under PMAY in Kanpur from 24 August 2018. Interested candidates can apply online for over 10,000 KDA Flats by filling PMAY Kanpur Online Application Form at kdaindia.co.in 
For online registrations of PMAY Flats in Kanpur, KDA has already uploaded the software on its website. This time KDA invites PMAY Flats Online Registration Form for 10,032 flats from already selected applicants of SUDA / DUDA. KDA is consistently working for the construction of these houses.
Housing For All (PMAY-HFA) by 2022 is the flagship scheme of the Modi govt. to provide own house to every poor family across the country. Last date for registration of PMAY Kanpur Flats is 30 August 2018 which can be extended as well. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Online Application Form by KDA
There are 5040 flats in Mahabir Nagar (Panki), 576 flats in Ram Ganga Enclave (Panki), 2208 flats in Nagawa and 2208 flats in Sakrapur. All the existing applicants in Kanpur region who have already been selected in the previous list can now apply online. Applicants can make online registration for PMAY Kanpur with the banks as well. 

Visit the official website kdaindia.co.in
At the homepage, click at the “Online Property Information System” link as shown in the figure:-
KDA Uttar Pradesh PMAY Registration
Direct Link – People can directly click this link for PMAY KDA Kanpur Online Registration
Next click at the “Existing Allottee Register” tab appearing in green color as shown below:-
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Uttar Pradesh
Afterwards, the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Online Form 2018 will appear as follows:-
KDA Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Online Form 2018
Here all the existing allottees can enter their complete details and click at the “Verify Button” to complete the registration process.
Candidates can make ‘Applicants Login‘ to completely fill the Pradhan mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Online Application Form by KDA. Next, candidates can “Search Property / Make Payment“
Existing Allottees can make Login to complete the application process.

In the month of September, KDA will organize a Lottery and allocate these flats to the beneficiaries. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PMAY Kanpur KDA Flats Online Registration – Important Points
All the applicants must remember the following points while filling PMAY Kanpur KDA Flats Online Registration Form:- 

Online Form is absolutely free of cost. Now applicants will not have to purchase form of Rs. 160 from banks.
To purchase a flat, applicants can make online payment of Rs. 5 thousand at the official website.
The location of all these flats can also seen on Google Maps.

There are a large number of applicants who are filling Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Kanpur Online Application Form. To avoid the last minute rush, applicants must fill the application form online as soon as possible before final date. 
References
— For more details, visit the official website http://www.kdaindia.co.in/en/index.php





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is going to launch a new UP Lok Kalyan Mitra Internship Program 2018. In this programme, Yogi govt. will appoint 822 Lok Kalyan Mitras in each of the 822 blocks (1 in each block) of the state and 2 at state level (total 824). All the Lok Kalyan Mitra appointed at Block Level will get salary of Rs. 30,000 while at the state level will get Rs. 40,000. For this purpose, each interested candidate needs to apply online for this Internship program. 
These appointed people under UP Lok Kalyan Mitra Internship Program 2018 will publicize the schemes of the Yogi government and will strengthen the feedback mechanism in the entire state. Out of the total 822 appointed Lok Kalyan Mitras, there would be a reservation of 30% for girls.
These Lok Mitras will be selected for 1 year through a written test and for this candidates needs to apply online. This decision to start such training is taken in the meeting of Cabinet Committee headed by UP CM Yogi Adityanath on 7 August 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Lok Kalyan Mitra Internship Program 2018 – Apply Online
Uttar Pradesh cabinet headed by CM Yogi Adityanath has decided to appoint 824 Lok Kalyan Mitras (822 at block level & 2 at State Level) through a written test. Each Lok Kalyan Mitra will get a chance to work at block level for the next one year and in the next year, they have to apply for renewal. Willing youths who wants to bring a change in the society can apply for this Internship program.
The UP Lok Kalyan Mitra Internship Program Application process will start soon. UP govt. will form a committee under the DM leadership to select candidates at block level. It would comprise of Chief Development Officer, Representative of the Information department and Senior officers of the district. The appointment will be on a contractual basis for 1 year and CM Yogi Adityanath alone has the right to make the selected applicants permanent. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Salary & Eligibility for Lok Kalyan Mitra Training Program
All the applicants must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to apply and appear for written test for Lok Kalyan Mitra Internship Program:-

Candidates must have at-least 2 years of experience on any social platform, and
Candidate must be a graduate in Engineering, Medical, Arts stream.
Applicants for Lok Kalyan Mitra Internship must belong to the age group of 21-40 years.
UP Lok Kalyan Mitra Training 2018

Information Department is the nodal department for this UP Lok Kalyan Mitra Training 2018. All the Lok Kalyan Mitras will have to understand the concept of government schemes and will also have to get a feedback on its implementation. Each Block Level Lok Kalyan Mitra will get Rs. 25,000 as salary and Rs. 5,000 as allowance (Total Rs. 30,000). Each State Level Lok Mitra will get Rs. 30,000 and Rs. 5,000 as allowance. 
They will have the task to visit villages and in case any person is not getting scheme benefits, than what is the reason behind it. They will have to provide appropriate solutions to the people. Every scheme will be made online to assist people in getting scheme benefits. This Lok Kalyan Mitra Training Program will begin from the month of October 2018. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is going to launch Skill on Wheels Programme for youths. Under this scheme, all the educated youths will get vocational training. The state govt. will introduce this program on a largescale to ensure that youths get employment at doorsteps. Firstly this program will be launched in Varanasi, Lucknow, Allahabad, Jhansi, Gorakhpur, Agra and Meerut.
Training for various job roles will ensure that the unemployed youths possess skills necessary to get desired jobs. After their skill development training, they can get work anywhere in the state and raise their standards of living.
This decision is taken by CM Yogi Aadityanath after meeting with Union Minister of State for Skill Development Anant Kumar Hegde in Lucknow on 24 July 2018.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Skills on Wheels Programme 2018
The state govt. of Uttar Pradesh will launch “Skill On Wheels” program in Varanasi, Lucknow, Allahabad, Jhansi, Gorakhpur, Agra and Meerut. The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

All the educated youths would be given 5 days training in vocation of their choice.
All such trainee will be given a certificate of “Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL)”.
In addition to this, youths will be imparted training about basic necessities like plumbing and mason work.
Trainees can enroll and get jobs with handsome salary in various government schemes. For eg – Under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, govt. has taken the responsibility to construct toilets. So, all the trained plumbers and masons can become handy and get employment at their doorsteps. Similarly, trades will be decided as per the needs of other sectors.
In the first phase, this scheme will join 5 lakh unemployed craftsmen / mechanic / tradesman.
CM Yogi also advocated the need to possess need-based vocational training.

The training courses will be specifically designed keeping in mind the type of jobs in their areas. Union Minister Hegde said that an National Skill Development Institute like IIM could be set up in Kanpur to look after skill development exclusively.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Tie-up with Major Companies to Provide Jobs
Under this Skill Development Mission, govt. has made Tie-ups with major IT / ITES, Mechanical, Electrical & Electronics based companies. These includes Raymonds, Maruti India Ltd., Lava International, Intex, Yashoda Hospitals, G4S, Javed Habib, Supertek Ltd., ATDC, Bhilwada Group and Lemon Electronics. In addition to this, 3 Mobile App Skill Connect, Skill Mitra and Mobile Monitoring System are launched.
The state govt. is currently running “ITI Chalo” Initiative and govt. is also holding online examinations for ITI Admissions. Under this Model ITI Scheme, two state run ITIs (Saket-Meerut & Karondi-Varanasi) are being upgraded.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Viklang Pension List 2020-21 – How to CheckUP Viklang Pension Scheme – What is it?UP Viklang Pension Yojana – How to Apply OnlineUP Viklang Pension Scheme 2020 – List of Documentssspy-up.gov.in – Check Handicapped Pension Status
Viklang Kalyan Vibhag of Uttar Pradesh govt. is running viklang pension scheme for Persons with Disabilities (PWDs). The complete and latest list of UP viklang pension scheme beneficiaries till the year 2020-21 is available at the official website at sspy-up.gov.in. Anyone can access this viklang pension yojana list 2020-21, 2019-20 and of previous years very easily. 
Under this Viklang Pension Yojana, all the disabled persons (minimum 40% disability) above the age of 18 years whose name appears in the all India final BPL list are entitled to receive Rs. 500 per month. Eligible candidates can fill UP Viklang Pension Scheme 2020 online registration form or the beneficiaries can check pension status and pensioners list of beneficiaries at the official website of social welfare department sspy-up.gov.in.
Viklang pension scheme list 2020-21 can be checked on the basis of district, block and gram panchayat. The complete list of beneficiaries of UP Viklang pension yojana displays the registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name of each beneficiary on quarterly basis.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Viklang Pension List 2020-21 – How to Check
Checking the complete list of UP viklang pension scheme beneficiaries or finding your name in the list is very easy. Just follow the below given procedure.

Visit the official Integrated Pension Portal of UP Government at http://sspy-up.gov.in.
The homepage will look similar to below given picture, now click on “दिव्यांग पेंशन” image on the homepage of the website as given below. Or directly click this link.
Divyang Pension Yojana Link
Now on the next page click on “पेंशनर सूची (2020-21)” link as shown below. Or directly click this link.
UP Viklang Pensioners List 2020-21

Now click the links under your district “जनपद”, block “विकासखण्डं”, gram panchayat “ग्राम पंचायत” as displayed in the below image.
Gram Panchayat Wise Pensioners List
After clicking the Gram Panchayat Name, click on the number given below the “कुल पेंशनर्स” under the your choice of quarter as instructed on the image below.
Quarterly Basis Pensioners Data
After clicking on the number, you will see the complete list of pensioners in the selected village for the selected village, as shown in the below image.List of Divyang Pension Yojana Beneficiaries
Beneficiary registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name are completely visible in this list.

Applicants who are enrolled in the handicapped Pension Scheme of Uttar Pradesh or those who have recently applied for the the scheme can check their name online by following the simple procedure given above. The viklang pension list 2020-21 or handicap pension report is now available containing the complete district-wise list of pensioners. Similar process is to be followed to check the name in pensioners list of previous years such as 2019-20, 2018-19, 2017-18 and so on.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Till the first quarter of 2020, there are a total number of 10,78,514 pensioners and the state govt. has released a total amount of Rs. 112,14,26,000 (Rs. 112 crore).
UP Viklang Pension Scheme – What is it?
Under UP Disability Pension Scheme 2020, all the specially abled people above 18 years of age gets monthly pension of Rs. 500 with effect from 1 January 2017. All the eligible handicapped people will get Rs. 500 monthly only after completing the process of filling physically handicapped pension application form and approval of the concerned authorities of Viklang Kalyan Vibhag in UP. Moreover, the handicapped person must not be getting benefits of Old Age Pension Scheme, Widow Pension Scheme or other pension schemes.
All the interested and eligible candidates now does not have to make unnecessary visits at the offices. Instead they can easily apply online to avail benefits of UP Viklang Pension Yojana 2020. This up govt. handicap pension scheme will provide financial assistance to the poor households.
UP Viklang Pension Yojana – How to Apply Online
Below is the complete procedure to fill online application form for UP Hadicapped / Viklangjan Pension Scheme 2020.

Firstly visit the official Integrated Pension Portal sspy-up.gov.in
On the homepage, click the “Handicap Pension” link in the main menu or photo with “”विकलांग जन पेंशन” title or directly click this link
In the new window, click the “ऑनलाइन आवेदन करें” link.
UP Handicap Pension Scheme Apply Online
Next click at the “New Entry Form” link to open UP Viklang Pension Scheme 2020 Online Application Form.
UP Viklang Pension Yojana 2020 Apply Online
Representative image for Physically Handicapped Pension Scheme Application Form will appear as follows.
Physically Handicapped Pension Application Form
Here candidates can fill personal details, bank details, income details, disability details and then click at “Save” button. Afterwards, candidates can click the “Edit Saved Form / Final Submit” option, view all their details and finally submit their application form.
Then applicants can see their filled in completed application form through this link – View Application Form
Finally all the applicants must take a printout of the finally submitted application form. For more details, candidates can see User Manual.

Candidates must physically submit it to DSWO / DPO / DHWO office within 1 month from date of Final Submission. All the candidates are advised to see the UP Disability Pension Scheme 2020 application format through the link – UP Handicapped Certificate Online Application Format
UP Viklang Pension Scheme 2020 – List of Documents
Candidates must submit the following documents along with the uttar pradesh handicap pension scheme application form:-
Documents List


Documents
Maximum Size and Format


Recent Passport Size Photograph (फोटो)
20 kb in JPEG Format


Birth / Age Certificate (जन्म / आयुप्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Identity Proof (पहचान प्रमाण पत्र) – Voter Card / Aadhaar Card / Ration Card
100 kb in PDF Format


Bank Passbook (बैंक पासबुक)
100 kb in PDF Format


Income Certificate (आय प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Disability Certificate (विकलांगता प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Candidates must also fill details of Disability Type, Disability Percentage (%), Disability Certificate No., Disability Certificate Issuing Date.
Uttar Pradesh Handicapped Pension Scheme Eligibility – All the widow applicants before applying online for Disability Pension Scheme in UP must fulfill the Viklangjan Pension Scheme eligibility criteria. To view applicability, click – Viklang Pension Scheme Eligibility Criteria
sspy-up.gov.in – Check Handicapped Pension Status
All the applicants can consistently check their application status on the same official website at sspy-up.gov.in. For viewing application status, applicants requires a password to make application login.
Steps to check the UP Disability Pension Yojana Application Status:-

All the candidates who wish to check the application status of uttar pradesh handicapped pension scheme 2020, visit the following link – “आवेदन की स्थिति“.
Step 1 – Firstly candidates needs to create a password using their application registration number and bank account through the link – Registration for Password (पासवर्ड बनाने हेतु पंजीकरण करें)
UP Handicapped Pension Scheme Application Status
Afterwards candidates have to make “Viklang Pension Login (आवेदन की स्तिथि जानने हेतु लॉगिन करें)” using the password generated in 1st step and application registration number.
UP Viklang Pension Login
Furthermore, candidates can click the “Guidelines (आवेदन की स्तिथि जानने हेतु दिशा निर्देश)” to check application status.

All the details of UP Viklang Pension Scheme 2020 are given in this post. If still any person finds any difficulty in understanding, then visit the official website http://sspy-up.gov.in/IndexHANDICAP.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath has announced that people can now Apply for Age Certificate through online mode. People can fill UP Age Certificate Online Application Form at the website of Department of Medical Health and Family Welfare (DoMH&FW). Interested person can apply online for age certificate in Uttar Pradesh at the official website up-health.in 
DoMH&FW is currently providing 9 online services – Registration of Medical Establishment, Medical Illness / Fitness Certificate, Disability Certificate, Immunization Certificate, Death Certificate, Payment for Unsuccessful Family Planning, Payment of Medical Reimbursement, Medico Legal Certificate and Age Certificate.
This department offers 9 online services under Janhit Guarantee Act. People will not have to make unnecessary visits at the concerned offices and can avail services at their home.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Uttar Pradesh Age Certificate Online Application Form
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for UP Age Certificate:-

Firstly visit the official website up-health.in
At the homepage, click the “Issuance of Age Certificate” link under the ‘Online Services’ section on 9th number or directly click up-health.in/online
Apply Age Certificate Online UP
Afterwards, the UP Age Certificate Registration Form will appear as follows:-
Age Certificate Registration Form UP
Here candidates have to fill all the necessary details and click at the “Register” button. Afterwards, candidates have to “Verify OTP” to complete the registration process.
Next candidates have to make “Login” to open the Citizen Dashboard which will appear as follows:-
Age Certificate Citizen Login UP
Here click at the “Issuance of Age Certificate” link to open the Age Certificate Online Application Form which will appear as follows:-
Age Certificate Online Form UP
Finally, fill the application form and click at the “Save” button to complete the application process.
Apply Online Age Certificate Uttar Pradesh

After the submission of the application form, concerned authorities will issue the Ge Certificate within a stipulated time period.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Age Certificate – Grievance & Complaints
— In case of any query, candidates can call on the helpline number 0522-4150500 or can send an e-mail to [email protected]
— For more details, visit the official website http://up-health.in/en/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Yogi govt. is going to launch UP Interest Waiver Scheme for farmers. Under this scheme, govt. will waive off interests on loans taken up to 31 March 2017 from Uttar Pradesh Co-operative Rural Development Bank. This is the next step after UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme 2017 / Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana. Govt. will launch this One Time Settlement Scheme 2018 in phased manner. This OTS Scheme will benefit 2,63,510 farmers having loan of Rs. 2542.43 crore.
All the farmers who were unable to repay their loans in time and now interest is non affordable can apply for this interest waiver scheme. Previously, Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana has helped around 86 lakh small and marginal farmers. 
Yogi govt. is a pro-farmer govt. and is committed towards welfare of farmers. These 2 schemes – Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana 2017 and now Kisan Karz Rahat Yojana 2018 will result in the betterment of lives of farmers.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Interest Waiver Scheme 2018 / Kisan Karz Rahat (OTS)
Till date, the pending loan amount is Rs. 2542.43 crore out of which principal loan amount is Rs. 1028.52 crore while interest is Rs. 1503.91 crore. UP Interest Waiver Scheme 2018 / Karj Rahat Yojana 2018 will waive off the interest on loans to benefit 2.63 lakh small and marginal farmers. The important features and highlights of One Time Settlement Scheme (OTS) are as follows:-

Loans Taken before 31 March 1997 – Govt. will waive off the complete interest (byaj) on loans.
Loans Taken between 1 April 1997 & 31 March 2007 – All the amount of interest which is more than the principal amount of loan will get waived off.
Between 1 April 2007 & 31 March 2012 – Govt. will waive off 50% interest on pending loans.

Govt. will launch Kisan Karz Rahat Yojana 2018 scheme to prevent farmers from falling into a debt trap of local moneylenders and to promote growth in agriculture.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana / Loan Waiver Scheme
In the previous FY, Yogi govt. has launched Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana / UP Loan Waiver Scheme for karj maafi of farmers. This scheme has benefited around 86 lakh farmers with a total outlay of 36,359 crore. UP govt. has waived off all the outstanding crop loan as on 31 March 2017 taken on or before 31 March 2016 with maximum limit of Rs. 1 lakh per farmer.
UP govt. has settled dues of all accounts which were declared as Non Performing Assets (NPA) by banks under One Time Settlement Scheme. Out of the total allotted amount, Rs. 5630 crore was for one time settlement to benefit 7 lakh farmers.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is going to implement Hausala Paushan Scheme across the state. Under this scheme, all the pregnant women and under-nourished children between the age of 6 month and 6 years of age will get cooked nutritious food in various Anganwadi Centers in respective gram sabhas. Yogi govt. will implement this scheme to eradicate malnourishment of children and pregnant women. 
This scheme will benefit around 24 lakh children and lactating mothers. The primary objective is to improve Human Development Index (HDI) of UP and thus of the entire India. 
UP Hausala Poshan Scheme was the brain child of previous Samajwadi govt. led by Akhilesh Yadav and meant to completely remove malnutrition.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Hausala Paushan Scheme 2018 – Details
The important features and highlights of this Nourishment scheme are as follows:-

All the pregnant women, lactating mothers and children between 6 months to 6 years of age will get freshly cooked meals at Anganwadi Centers.
Around 10 lakh pregnant women and over 14 lakh mal-nourished children will be covered under this scheme.
Highly malnourished children will also get 500 gram of desi ghee. Women will get seasonal fruits everyday along with the food.
Other ingredients given to the beneficiaries will also possess the capacity to curb malnutrition.

Govt. wants to raise the Human Development Index (HDI) of UP and of entire India. Moreover, govt. focuses on complete elimination of mal-nourishment and to ensure healthy pregnant women and children in the state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Need to Implement Hausla Paushan Scheme
Uttar Pradesh is one of the worst performing states in the areas of under-weight and malnutrition among children b/w 0 to 6 years of age. UP stands currently at fourth rank from the bottom in rankings for children nutrition rates. Only Bihar, Andhra Pradesh and Daman & Diu has worst ranking than UP. 
As per the official data, around 35.5% of total children who were beneficiary of ICDS Supplementary Nutrition Programme were under-weight. Around 62,728 children falls in Grade III and IV (severely malnourished) categories. Currently, there are 2 crore children who are beneficiaries of supplementary nutrition programme (SNP). Furthermore, approx. 50 lakh pregnant and lactating mothers are covered under ICDS.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is going to launch a populist UP New Old Age Pension Scheme 2018 for All Senior Citizens. Under this scheme, Yogi Sarkar will provide Rs. 800 as monthly pension to around 50 lakh people. This scheme is just like Samajwadi Pension Yojana (Rs. 750 per month) but with an increased coverage. This new pension scheme will also include people having 2 wheeler vehicles and Pucca Ghar. UP govt. will launch this new scheme between July 2018 to August 2018.
The state govt. has loosened the restrictions this time so that more people becomes eligible to avail this scheme benefits. Govt. has prepared the entire draft of this scheme and will launch this scheme very soon with an increased amount of Rs. 50. People can also avail the benefits of other social security schemes like Vidhwa Pension Yojana, Viklang Pension Yojana in UP. 
All the candidates living Below the Poverty Line having income as specified in the Central govt. norms will remain eligible to apply for this scheme. This new scheme with relaxed rules and regulations will be announced near the Independence Day (15 August 2018). 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP New Old Age Pension Scheme 2018 – Application Form for Senior Citizens
The state govt. will invite online applications for the New Old Age Pension Scheme 2018 as invited previously for Samajwadi Pension Scheme. This could be done through the UP Govt. Portal or a new dedicated portal. Interested candidates will have to fill the application forms as soon as they becomes available.
Uttar Pradesh New Pension Scheme For All will be the flagship scheme of the Yogi Aadityanath Govt. Name and place of Launch is still not decided yet. As soon the state govt. will launch this scheme, focus will be on the implementation of this scheme in a transparent manner. Moreover, this scheme will ensure that a large number of people are covered and no one remains isolated. All the eligible candidates will get Rs. 800 as monthly pension.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Uttar Pradesh New Pension Scheme for All
This UP New Pension Scheme is significant as it has the less number of restrictions than the previous schemes. The candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to avail this scheme:-

Applicant must be a resident of Uttar Pradesh.
All the senior citizens having 60 years or more age can apply online.
His / Her Name must appear in the Indian Final BPL List – SECC 2011 Data.
All the candidates having a bike (any 2 wheeler) or a permanent house are also eligible if they satisfies the other eligibility criteria.

All the senior citizens belonging to the poor and economically weaker sections are eligible to apply for this socialist pension scheme. This scheme will connect the poor people directly with the govt. and will result in the overall development of the state.
Also Read – Existing UP Old Age Pension Scheme – View Details 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh Government has launched One District One Product Scheme 2020. Subsequently, this scheme will provide job opportunities to 25 lakh unemployed candidates across the state. Accordingly, UP govt. will provide Rs. 25000/- to local craftsmen and entrepreneurs in the upcoming 5 years. UP govt. had launch this scheme on 24 January 2018. The complete ODOP district wise list of products is available at odop.in
One District One Product Scheme will raise the GDP of the state up to 2 percent. Govt. will implement this scheme with the collaboration of several industries working in various states. Furthermore, each district will get assigned a product under Ek Zila – Ek Utpadan Scheme. 
The primary objective of this scheme is to focus on a particular product and raise its quality to compete in the international market. The detailed list of products associated with each district are described below.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP One District One Product Scheme 2020
The important features of One District One Product Scheme are as follows:-

ODOP scheme is essential for the inclusive development of the entire state.
The official website for One District One Product Scheme is odopup.in
Subsequently, this scheme will increase the growth of small, medium and traditional industries of the districts.
Accordingly, the state govt. will focus on adapting new technology in order to make the product competing in the market. 
Under this scheme, around 25 lakh unemployed youths will get jobs and GDP of the state will get raised by 2 percent.
The state govt. had launched One District One Product Scheme on 24 January 2018.

List of District & Products – UP One District One Product Scheme 2020
The complete list of all the districts along with their products under One District One Product Scheme 2020 are as follows:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});



District
Products


Agra
Leather Products


Aligarh
Locks and Hardware


Ambedkar Nagar
Textile Products


Amethi
Moonj Products


Amroha
Musical Instruments


Auraiya
Food Processing (Desi Ghee)


Ayodhya
Jaggery


Azamgarh
Black Pottery


Baghpat
Home Furnishing


Bahraich
Wheat-Stalk Handicrafts


Ballia
Bindi (Tikuli)


Balrampur
Food Processing (Pulses)


Banda
Shazar Stone Craft


Barabanki
Textile Products


Bareilly
Zari-Zardozi


Basti
Wood Craft


Bhadohi
Carpet (Dari)


Bijnor
Wood Craft


Budaun
Zari-Zardozi


Bulandshahar
Ceramic Product


Chandauli
Zari-Zardozi


Chitrakoot
Wooden Toys


Deoria
Decorative Products


Etawah
Textile Products


Etah
Ankle Bells (Ghungroo), Bells and Brass Products


Farrukhabad
Textile Printing


Fatehpur
Bedsheets and Iron Fabrication Works


Firozabad
Glassware


Gautam Buddh Nagar
Readymade Garments


Ghazipur
Jute Wall Hanging


Ghaziabad
Engineering Goods


Gonda
Food Processing (Pulses)


Gorakhpur
Terracota


Hamirpur
Shoes


Hapur
Home Furnishing


Hardoi
Handloom


Hathras
Hing Asafoetida


Jalaun
Handmade Paper Art


Jaunpur
Woollen Carpets (Dari)


Jhansi
Soft Toys


Kannauj
Perfume (Attar)


Kanpur Dehat
Aluminum Utensils


Kanpur Nagar
Leather Products


Kasganj
Zari Zardozi


Kaushambi
Food Processing (Banana)


Kushinagar
Banana Fiber Products


Lakhimpur Kheri
Tribal Craft


Lalitpur
Zari Silk Sarees


Lucknow
Chikankari & Zari Zardozi


Maharajganj
Furniture


Mahoba
Gaura Stone Craft


Mainpuri
Tarkashi Art


Mathura
Sanitary Fittings


Mau
Powerloom Textile


Meerut
Sports Products


Mirzapur
Carpets


Moradabad
Metal Craft


Muzaffarnagar
Jaggery


Pilibhit
Flute


Pratapgarh
Aamla Products


Prayagraj
Moonj Products


Raebareli
Wood Work


Rampur
Applique Work along with Patch Work, Zari Patchwork


Saharanpur
Wood Crafting


Sambhal
Handicraft (Horn-Bone)


Sant Kabir Nagar
Brassware Craft


Shahjahanpur
Zari Zardozi


Shamli
Iron Arts


Shravasti
Tribal Craft


Siddharthnagar
Kala Namak Rice


Sitapur
Carpet (Dari)


Sonbhadra
Carpets


Sultanpur
Moonj Products


Unnao
Zari Zardozi


Varanasi
Banarasi Silk Saree


After the successful implementation of One District One Product Scheme 2020, all the products will get international recognition. Moreover, these products will become brands and also become an identity of brand UP. This scheme will emphasize on the raising the quality of these products so that these products can compete in the international level.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is planning to launch a Free Education Scheme for Students upto Class 12th. Subsequently, govt. will provide free education till intermediate level and Yogi Adityanath (UP CM) is soon going to make an announcement in this regard. Accordingly, this scheme will benefit students from the economically backward classes, SC, ST and OBC Candidates. 
As the next academic section is going to start very soon (approx. 4 months), so govt. is planning to launch this scheme as soon as possible. Moreover, all those parents who discourages their children from going to school will have to face consequences.
This scheme will enable children to study and build their career. Accordingly, students will be able to earn their livelihood and thus can contribute to the growth of entire state.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Free Education Scheme
Yogi govt. will soon announce free education scheme till 12th Standard / Intermediate level. Accordingly, govt. will focus on parents to make them understand the need of sending their wards to school in the next 4 months. Moreover, govt. will take strict action against all those parents who denies their wards to go to school.
Education is the most important aspect of the life of children without which they cannot develop as a good human being. Moreover, all the uneducated children lives a life of backwardness and are also denied of job opportunities. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

This scheme will particularly benefit the students from backward classes and will remove any hindrance (hurdle) in their studies. Through this UP free education scheme, govt. will convince the parents on the importance of education. 
All the children belonging to backward classes can get absolutely free education and build a future for themselves. Moreover, this scheme will improve the financial situation of the students and enable them to get better jobs in private or government sector. This free educational policy is a part of Yogi govt’s efforts to improve the standard of education. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Widow Pension List 2020-21 – How to CheckUP Vidhwa Pension Scheme – What is it?UP Widow Pension Scheme – How to Apply OnlineUP Vidhwa Pension List of Pensioners 2019-2020UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 List Of Documentssspy-up.gov.in – UP Widow Pension StatusUP Widow Pension Scheme – Age Ceiling Lifted by Yogi Aadityanath
Samajik Kalyan Vibhag of Uttar Pradesh govt. is running widow pension scheme for vidhwa women. The complete and latest list of UP widow pension scheme beneficiaries till the year 2020-21 is available at the official website at sspy-up.gov.in. Anyone can access this widow pension yojana list 2020-21, 2019-20 and of previous years very easily. 
Under this Vidhwa Pension Yojana, all widow women of any age whose name appears in the all India final BPL list are entitled to receive Rs. 300 per month. Eligible candidates can fill UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 online registration form or the beneficiaries can check pension status and pensioners list of beneficiaries at the official website of social welfare department sspy-up.gov.in.
Widow pension scheme list 2020-21, 2019-20 and of previous years can be checked on the basis of district, block and gram panchayat. The complete list of beneficiaries of UP vidhwa pension yojana displays the registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name of each beneficiary on quarterly basis.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Widow Pension List 2020-21 – How to Check
Checking the complete list of UP widow pension scheme beneficiaries or finding your name in the list is very easy. Just follow the below given procedure.

Visit the official Integrated Pension Portal of UP Government at http://sspy-up.gov.in.
The homepage will look similar to below given picture, now click on “निराश्रित महिला पेंशन” image on the homepage of the website as given below. Or directly click this link.
UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana Link

Now on the next page click on “पेंशनर सूची (2020-21)” link as shown below. Or directly click this link.
UP Widow Pensioners List 2020-21

Now click the links under your district “जनपद”, block “विकासखण्डं”, gram panchayat “ग्राम पंचायत” as displayed in the below image.
Gram Panchayat Wise Widow Pensioners List

After clicking the Gram Panchayat Name, click on the number given below the “कुल पेंशनर्स” under the your choice of quarter as instructed on the image below.
Quarterly Basis Vidhwa Pensioners Data

After clicking on the number, you will see the complete list of pensioners in the selected village for the selected village, as shown in the below image.
List of Vidhwa Pension Yojana Beneficiaries

Beneficiary registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name are completely visible in this list.

Applicants who are enrolled in the Widow Pension Scheme of Uttar Pradesh or those who have recently applied for the the scheme can check their name online by following the simple procedure given above. The vidhwa pension list 2020-21 or nirashrit mahila pension report is now available containing the complete district-wise list of pensioners. Similar process is to be followed to check the name in widow pension scheme list of 2019-20, 2018-19, 2017-18 and of previous years.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the first quarter of 2020, there were a total number of 26,06,213 pensioners and the state govt. has released a total amount of Rs. 260,62,13,000 (Rs. 260 crore).
UP Vidhwa Pension Scheme – What is it?
Under UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020, all the widow above of any age gets monthly pension of Rs. 300 with effect from 1 January 2017. All the eligible vidhwa women will get Rs. 300 monthly only after completing the process of filling widow pension application form and approval of the concerned authorities of Samajik Kalyan Vibhag in UP. Moreover, the widow must not be getting benefits of Old Age Pension Scheme, Viklang Pension Scheme or other pension schemes.
All the interested and eligible candidates now does not have to make unnecessary visits at the offices. Instead they can easily apply online to avail benefits of UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana 2020. This up govt. widow pension scheme will provide financial assistance to the poor widow women who has not not done remarriage.
UP Widow Pension Scheme – How to Apply Online
The complete procedure to apply online for UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana / Nirashrit Mahila Pension Yojana has been specified below:-

Visit the official website of Integrated Pension Portal sspy-up.gov.in
On the homepage, click the “Widow Pension” link present in the menu or photo with “निराश्रित महिला पेंशन” title or directly click this link
UP Vidhwa Pension Yojana 2020 Apply Online
Next click the “ऑनलाइन आवेदन करें” link
UP Widow Pension Yojana 2020 Apply Online
In the new window, click the “New Entry Form” link to open UP Widow Pension Scheme Online Application Form.
Subsequently, UP Widow Pension Scheme Application Form will appear as follows:-
UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 Online Application Form
Next candidates can fill personal details, bank details and income details and then “Save” details. Afterwards, candidates can click the “Edit Saved Form / Final Submit” option, view all their details and finally submit their application form.
Moreover, applicants can see their filled in completed application form through this link – View Application Form
Finally all the applicants must take a printout of the finally submitted application form. For more details, candidates can see User Manual.

Candidates must physically submit it to DSWO / DPO / DHWO office within 1 month from date of Final Submission. All the candidates are advised to see the UP Widow Pension Scheme application format through the link – Vidhwa Pension Yojana Application Format. 
UP Vidhwa Pension List of Pensioners 2019-2020
All the applicants who have previously applied for the uttar pradesh widow pension scheme 2019-20 can check their name in the Vidhwa Pension List UP 2019-20. This list of pensioners old age, vidhwa & viklang pension schemes is now available online district / tehsil / village wise at sspy-up.gov.in. This list consists of name of pensioner, father’s name, category, register number, amount, age, bank details, payment status and other details.
UP list of pensioners for vidhwa pension scheme for FY year 2019-20 can be viewed using the link given below:-
http://sspy-up.gov.in/WidowPension/WidowReportDistrictVise_1920.aspx
UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 List Of Documents
Candidates must submit the following documents along with the old age pension scheme up application form:-


Documents
Maximum Size and Format


Recent Passport Size Photograph (फोटो)
20 kb in JPEG Format


Birth / Age Certificate (जन्म / आयुप्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Identity Proof (पहचान प्रमाण पत्र) – Voter Card / Aadhaar Card / Ration Card
100 kb in PDF Format


Bank Passbook (बैंक पासबुक)
100 kb in PDF Format


Income Certificate (आय प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Death Certificate of Husband (पति की मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Candidates must also fill details of total no. of children (adults and non-adults), date of death of husband and whether children are able to feed themselves or not. 
Uttar Pradesh Widow Pension Scheme Eligibility – All the widow applicants before applying online must fulfill the UP Widow Pension Scheme eligibility criteria. To view applicability, click – Widow Pension Scheme Eligibility Criteria 
sspy-up.gov.in – UP Widow Pension Status
All the applicants can consistently check their application status on the same official website at sspy-up.gov.in. For viewing application status, applicants requires a password to make application login.
Steps to check the UP Widow Pension Yojana 2020 Application Status:-

All the candidates who wish to check the application status of uttar pradesh widow pension scheme 2020, visit the following link – “आवेदन की स्थिति“.
Step 1 – Firstly candidates needs to create a password using their application registration number and bank account through the link – Registration for Password
UP Widow Pension Application Status
Afterwards candidates have to make “Vidhwa Pension Login” using the password generated in 1st step and application registration number.
UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 Login
Furthermore, candidates can click the detailed guidelines to check application status.

UP Widow Pension Scheme – Age Ceiling Lifted by Yogi Aadityanath
Age limit has been lifted by Yogi Aadityanath under UP Widow Pension Scheme on 26 December 2018 as shown in the tweet below:-

pic.twitter.com/eALnutbHYr
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) December 26, 2018

All the details of UP Widow Pension Scheme 2020 are given in this post. If still any person finds any difficulty in understanding, then visit the official website http://sspy-up.gov.in/IndexWIDOW.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: sspy-up.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh govt. is going to launch Free Bus Ride Scheme for BPL families. Subsequently, govt. will issue smart cards to the poor people and then there is no need for offline / online ticket booking. This free bus fare scheme will benefit around 1 crore BPL families in the state and will provide them with facility of free bus travel in various govt. buses. 
In addition to the free bus fare, govt. will also provide an accidental insurance coverage of upto Rs. 10 lakh per household. This insurance amount includes Rs. 5 lakh coverage in case of death.
Transport Department, UP has drafted this proposal of free bus travel for Below Poverty Line (BPL) families and is now sent for approval. This is a major step towards empowerment of women and will provide them security in bus fares.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Free Bus Ride Scheme – Details
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

This free travel scheme will provide absolutely free fares to the BPL citizens in any of government bus run by Transport dept. of UP.
Subsequently, the state transport department has prepared the proposal about free bus ride and has already sent it approval.
This is a major decision of Yogi govt. to provide free bus rides as the general elections are nearby i.e in 2019.
Under this scheme, transport department will require Rs. 2,990 per family to meet the expenses. Accordingly, the total revenue burden will remain around Rs. 3,000 crore per annum for the successful implementation of this scheme.
Accordingly, this scheme is going to benefit around 10 million BPL families.
Moreover, the transport department will issue smart cards to the BPL households which these citizens can utilize for free travel in govt. buses.
In addition to this, BPL candidates will also get an accidental insurance of Rs. 10 lakh per family including death insurance of Rs. 5 lakh.
Furthermore, various other departments like Panchayati Raj, Rural Development, Agriculture and Health are proposed to bear the cost of implementation.

Free Bus Ride Scheme is a major step towards security of girls and women in rural areas and thus promote “Women Empowerment”. Henceforth, all the girls who opt for private transport due to cheaper price of ticket booking and thus lead to harassment can now make free bus fare.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Transport department of Uttar Pradesh targets to connect all villages (around 1.07 lakh) with bus services in the coming 5 years. Moreover till date, UP transport dept. is running buses which connects 58,000 villages covering around 18,000 km in the state.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Old Age Pension List 2020-21 – How to CheckUP Vridha Pension Scheme – What is it?UP Old Age Pension Scheme Online Application Form 2020UP Old Age Pension Scheme List of Pensioners 2019-2020UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 List Of Documentssspy-up.gov.in – UP Old Age Pension Scheme Application Status
Samajik Kalyan Vibhag of Uttar Pradesh govt. is running old age pension scheme for senior citizens. The complete and latest list of UP old age pension scheme beneficiaries till the year 2020-21 is available at the official website at sspy-up.gov.in. Anyone can access this vridha pension yojana list 2020-21, 2019-20 & of previous years very easily. 
Under this Budhapa Pension Yojana, all elderly people of above 60 years of age whose name appears in the all India final BPL list are entitled to receive Rs. 300 per month. Eligible candidates can fill UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 online registration form or the beneficiaries can check pension status and bridha pensioners list of beneficiaries at the official website of social welfare department sspy-up.gov.in.
Old Age pension scheme list 2020-21 can be checked on the basis of district, block and gram panchayat. The complete list of beneficiaries of UP vridha pension yojana displays the registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name of each beneficiary on quarterly basis.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Old Age Pension List 2020-21 – How to Check
Checking the complete list of UP old age pension scheme beneficiaries or finding your name in the list is very easy. Just follow the below given procedure.

Visit the official Integrated Pension Portal of UP Government at http://sspy-up.gov.in.
The homepage will look similar to below given picture, now click on “वृद्धावस्था पेंशन” image on the homepage of the website as given below. Or directly click this link.
UP Vridha Pension Yojana Link

Now on the next page click on “पेंशनर सूची (2020-21)” link as shown below. Or directly click this link.
UP Old Age Pensioners List 2020-21

Now click the links under your district “जनपद”, block “विकासखण्डं”, gram panchayat “ग्राम पंचायत” as displayed in the below image.
Gram Panchayat Wise Bridha Pensioners List

After clicking the Gram Panchayat Name, click on the number given below the “कुल पेंशनर्स” under the your choice of quarter as instructed on the image below.
Quarterly Basis Budhapa Pensioners Data

After clicking on the number, you will see the complete list of pensioners in the selected village for the selected village, as shown in the below image.
List of Old Age Pension Scheme Beneficiaries

Beneficiary registration number, name, father name, gender, age, category, amount and bank name are completely visible in this list.

Applicants who are enrolled in the Old Age Pension Scheme of Uttar Pradesh or those who have recently applied for the the scheme can check their name online by following the simple procedure given above. The budhapa pension list 2020-21 or vridha pension report is now available containing the complete district-wise list of pensioners. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the first quarter of 2020, there were a total number of 49,87,054 pensioners and the state govt. has released a total amount of Rs. 4,98,70,54,000 (Rs. 498 crore). Similar process is to be followed to check the pensioners list of previous years like 2019-20, 2018-19, 2017-18 and so on.
UP Vridha Pension Scheme – What is it?
Under UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020, all the senior citizens of 60 to 79 years of age gets monthly pension of Rs. 300 while 80 years or above gets Rs. 500 p.m. All the eligible senior citizens will get Rs. 300 or Rs. 500 monthly only after completing the process of filling budhapa pension application form and approval of the concerned authorities of Samajik Kalyan Vibhag in UP. Moreover, the bridha person must not be getting benefits of Widow Pension Scheme, Viklang Pension Scheme or other pension schemes.
All the interested and eligible candidates now does not have to make unnecessary visits at the offices. Instead they can easily apply online to avail benefits of UP Vridhavastha Pension Yojana 2020. This up govt. old age pension scheme will provide financial assistance to the poor elderly citizens of UP to sustain their livelihood.
UP Old Age Pension Scheme Online Application Form 2020
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020:-

Firstly visit the official Integrated Pension Portal sspy-up.gov.in
On the homepage, click the “Old Age Pension” link in the main menu or photo with “वृद्धावस्था पेंशन” title or directly click this link
In the new window, click the “ऑनलाइन आवेदन करें” link
UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 Apply Online
In next window, click the “New Entry Form” link to open UP Old Age Pension Scheme Online Application Form.
Accordingly, UP Old Age Pension Scheme Application Form will appear as follows:-
UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 Application Form
Here candidates have to fill all the details and “Save” details. Next candidates can click the “Edit Saved Form / Final Submit” option to finally submit the application form.
Moreover, candidates can see the filled in application form through this link – View Application Form
Finally candidates can take printout of the finally submitted application form. For more details, candidates can see the User Manual.

Candidates must physically submit it to DSWO / DPO / DHWO office within 1 month from the date of Final Submission. All the candidates are advised to see the UP Old Age Pension Scheme application format through the link – Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Vridhavastha Pension Scheme Application Format
UP Old Age Pension Scheme List of Pensioners 2019-2020
The complete list of selected candidates under uttar pradesh old age pension scheme for financial year 2019-20 is now available. The list is available district / tehsil / village wise at sspy-up.gov.in. This list consists of the pensioners name, regiter number, amount, age, bank details, payment status and other details.
UP list of pensioners for vridhavastha pension scheme for the year 2019-20 can be viewed using the link given below:-
http://sspy-up.gov.in/OldAgePension/OAPReportDistrictVise_1920.aspx
IGNOAPS Scheme is currently providing benefits to 38,25,688 pensioners across the state.
UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 List Of Documents
Candidates must submit the following documents along with the old age pension scheme up application form:-


Documents
Maximum Size and Format


Recent Passport Size Photograph (फोटो)
20 kb in JPEG Format


Birth / Age Certificate (जन्म / आयुप्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Identity Proof (पहचान प्रमाण पत्र) – Voter Card / Aadhaar Card / Ration Card
100 kb in PDF Format


Bank Passbook (बैंक पासबुक)
100 kb in PDF Format


Income Certificate (आय प्रमाण पत्र)
100 kb in PDF Format


Uttar Pradesh Old Age Pension Scheme Eligibility – All the candidates who want to avail the benefits of Old Age Pension Scheme UP must fulfill the eligibility criteria. To view applicability, click – Old Age Pension Eligibility 
sspy-up.gov.in – UP Old Age Pension Scheme Application Status
All the applicants can consistently check status of their filled in application form on the same official website at sspy-up.gov.in. To check the applicant status, applicants requires a password and then make application login.
The complete procedure to check the UP Old Age Pension Scheme Application status is as follows:-

To check the application status of uttar pradesh old age pension scheme 2020, visit the following link – “आवेदन की स्थिति“.
Here candidates have to create a password first using their application registration number and bank account through the link – Registration for Password
UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 Application Status
Afterwards candidates can make “Login” using the generate password and application registration number.
UP Old Age Pension Scheme 2020 Login
Furthermore, candidates can click the detailed guidelines for checking application status.
All the details of Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme (IGNOAPS) are given in this post. If any person finds any difficulty in understanding, then visit the official website http://sspy-up.gov.in/IndexOAP.aspx





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: sspy-up.gov.in
SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh government is going to launch Gau Gram Scheme across the state. Subsequently, govt. will open several cowsheds to tackle the problem of farmers caused due to stay cows. Accordingly, the state govt. is planning to open various gaushalas in each district. In the first phase, govt. will start implementing this scheme in 108 villages in Vrindavan.
This scheme for cows will help in preventing them for being slaughtered. In addition to this, this scheme will enable farmers to rear cows and earn additional income through the sale of their milk, urine and cow dung.
In this scheme, every farmer will get two high milk yielding cows of indigenous breed. Hasanand Gauchar Bhoomi Trust is the office bearer for this scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Uttar Pradesh Gau Gram Scheme
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

UP Gau Gram Yojana is an essential move for the protection and conservation of cows.
Farmers can make extra earnings from cow milk which is a good source of protein and even from cow urine which farmers can use as organic manure.
Initially, govt. will open cowsheds in urban areas and afterwards, govt. will open these in various tehsils and villages. Moreover, govt. will seek support from the common people to support such cowsheds.
The primary objective of this Gau Gram Scheme is to prevent cows from slaughtering and to open cowshed for their proper rearing.
In this scheme, govt. will provide financial assistance to open cow sheds in gaushalas. Accordingly, UP govt. is planning to open more gaushala in the state in a phased manner. 
Hasanand Gochar Bhoomi Trust will promote opening of cowsheds under “Mahamana Gogram Yojana” and will accommodate 10,000 cows of indigenous breed. 

CM Yogi Aadityanath has laid the foundation stone of Mahamana Gau Gram Scheme in Vrindavan. Moreover, govt. is also planning to launch a new scheme to provide 2 cows of indigenous breed to each farmer. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Henceforth, govt. will make efforts for the supply of cow’s milk, urine and dung in Delhi and other metro cities. Furthermore, govt. is also planning to develop 108 villages in Vrindavan.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Making Complaint at UP Anti Corruption PortalList of Topics which are not GrievancesUP Jansunwai Portal – Track Complaint StatusUP Anti Corruption Portal Feedback
Uttar Pradesh Govt. has launched an Anti Corruption Potal – Jansunwai on the completion of its 1st year term. On this Anti Graft Web Portal, people can upload any audio or video against any corrupt act. Moreover, Yogi Adityanath also made an announcement that his government is soon going to hire 4 lakh people in government departments. People can lodge their complaints /grievances at Anti Graft portal jansunwai.up.nic.in 
Yogi assures people that any person committing corruption or encouraging it at any level will not be spared. Govt. will take strict and effective action against the officers if a video or any other evidence is uploaded on Anti Graft Portal. This portal will act as a lethal blow on corrupt officers.
UP Govt. will keep the identity of the person making complaint secret. Yogi also launches a new book named “Ek Saal Nai Misal” with the tagline “Hua Vikas, Bada Vishwas”.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Making Complaint at UP Anti Corruption Portal
To lodge a complaint against any government officer, people will first have to make Anti Graft Portal Registration:-

Firstly visit the official website jansunwai.up.nic.in
The UP Anti Corruption Portal / Jansunwai Portal will appear as shown below:-
Uttar Pradesh Anti Corruption Portal
Here click at the “Anti Corruption Portal” button in green and then UP Anti Graft Portal Registration Form will appear as shown below:-
Anti Graft Portal Complaint Registration Form
Here candidates can make registration through OTP (mobile number or e-mail). UP Citizens can then upload photo or video evidence and register their grievance against corrupt officers.

UP govt. will authenticate the evidence and will take strict and efficient action against corrupt people.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

List of Topics which are not Grievances
Govt. will not consider the following subjects as complaints / grievances:-

Matter Under RTI (Right to Information)
All the Subjudice Matters
Suggestions
Demanding Financial Support or Jobs
Service Matters of Government employees including transfer.

UP Jansunwai Portal – Track Complaint Status
People can see the progress on the complaint through the UP Anti Corruption Portal. They can easily Track Complaint Status and the grievance tracking page will appear as follows:-
UP Jansunwai Portal Track Complaint Status
Here complainant can enter their complaint nummber, mobile number / e-mail and click “Submit” button to track grievance status. Moreover, if govt. does not addresses the complain in a specific time frame, then people can also Send Reminder. CM Yogi will specially monitor the pending cases. 
UP Anti Corruption Portal Feedback
Feedback facility is also available to provide feedback on quality of disposal of service. Higher officers will evaluate this feedback and also can regenerate the dispose complaint. All the citizens can send their feedback on their complaints through the link given below:-
Jansunwai – Give Feedback
The primary objective is to resolve all complaints in a given time period and to provide “Good Governance”. Moreover, people can also make complaints on the UP Anti Corruption Helpline Number 1076.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Berojgari Bhatta 2018 Online Registration ProcedureUP Berojgari Bhatta 2018 – Eligibility CriteriaList of Documents RequiredHighlights & Benefits of UP Berojgari Bhatta 2018References
Uttar Pradesh Government is going to start Berojgari Bhatta 2018 for unemployed youths. Subsequently, all the educated youths who does not posses any job can apply for this UP Unemployment Allowance Scheme. Accordingly, the state govt. will provide financial assistance till the time youths get desired job. Interested candidates can apply online through the official website sewayojan.up.nic.in
Candidates from all districts can apply online to get job related information in the government and private sector. To get Unemployment Allowance (Berojgari Bhatta), candidates have to make online registration with the Employment Department of UP. 
UP govt. will provide Rs. 1000 per month to the eligible beneficiaries. Unemployed candidates who are struggling to get a job can utilize this money to enhance their skills. The lines for registration are open and candidates can now make online registration. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Berojgari Bhatta 2018 Online Registration Procedure
The complete procedure to register online at the official portal of UP Employment Exchange Department has been specified below:-

Firstly visit the official website sewayojan.up.nic.in
Subsequently on the homepage, click the “पंजीकरण” link present in the main menu or directly click this link.
Afterwards Berojgari Bhatta 2018 Registration Form will appear as shown below:-
Uttar Pradesh Berojgari Bhatta 2018 Registration Form
Here candidates have to fill all the necessary details including Mobile number, Password and E-mail id and the click the “प्रविष्ट करें” button.
Accordingly, candidates have to verify their mobile number through an OTP and complete their Registration Process.
Next candidates can make Login and complete their profile to get the updates on various jobs on their registered mobile number.

Furthermore, candidates can take a printout of the completed application form to apply for the UP Berojgari Bhatta.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Berojgari Bhatta 2018 – Eligibility Criteria
The candidate must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to make online registration:-

The candidate must be a permanent resident of Uttar Pradesh.
Candidates must have passed at-least 10th standard (High School) examinations.
The candidate must be currently unemployed i.e he must not be not working in any private or government job. 
Moreover, all the applicants must lie in the age group between 25-40 years.
The total family income of the candidates from all sources must not exceed Rs. 36000 per annum.

List of Documents Required
The following documents are necessary to apply for the allowance:-


Aadhaar Card
Birth Certificate


Income Certificate
Domicile / Resident Certificate


Registration Certificate of Employment Exchange
Certificate of Educational Qualifications (10th Class Marksheet or above)


Rs. 10 Non-Judicial Stamp paper
Affidavit (Notary Certified)


Highlights & Benefits of UP Berojgari Bhatta 2018
UP govt. is providing this Berojgari Bhatta which will have the following benefits:-
— Candidates will receive a financial assistance of Rs. 1000.
— Subsequently, the eligible candidates will get this unemployment allowance per month.
— Accordingly, candidates will get this amount till the time they get desired job.
References
— Candidates can also see the upcoming Rojgar Mela (Job Fairs) organized in the state using the link given below:-
Rojgar Mela
— Candidates can also see the upcoming jobs in Government and Private sector using below link:-
Government Jobs
Private Jobs
— Furthermore in case of any query, candidates can contact on the UP Employment Exchange Helpline Number – 0522-2638995, 91-7839454211 or can send an e-mail to [email protected]





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh government has launched Mukhyamantri Samagra Gram Yojana for villages. Subsequently, this scheme aims at overall development of border villages. Under this scheme, govt. will call the villages of Martyr’s as “Shaheed Gram”. Those villages would get basic facilities like road, power, schools and hospitals.
UP govt. is going to launch this scheme in those villages which share an inter state or international borders. The state govt. will start 24 schemes in these villages on a priority basis under CM Samagra Gram Yojana. 
Moreover, UP govt. is also going to launch several employment generation schemes in the states to provide various job opportunities to the people. This scheme will boost the rate of development in the rural areas.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mukhyamantri Samagra Gram Yojana – Features
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

This Samagra Gram Yojana will give respect to the martyr’s villages and rename them as Shaheed Gram as a mark of respect. In addition to this, state govt. will build a statue and gate as gesture to martyrs.
Up govt. will release extra funds for the successful implementation of this scheme. In case more money is needed, govt. will utilize money from the funds of Legislature Area Fund (Vidhayak Nidhi).
Accordingly, UP govt. will start 24 public welfare schemes which will include construction of roads, schools, hospitals and other basic amenities.
Govt. will start various employment generation schemes to provide job opportunities to the unemployed youths in villages.
However, only those villages which share an international or inter-state border are applicable under this Mukhyamantri Samagra Gram Yojana.
Furthermore, this scheme aims at holistic development of the local residents of rural areas.

Govt. will form a separate committee headed by CDO to track and monitor the development progress. UP govt. has also taken certain other decisions in the Cabinet Meeting which includes decisions on Environment Clearance, Sugar Mills, CNG Prices and Anganwadi Centers.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

UP Ration Card New List 2020 Download – Find Name at fcs.up.nic.inFind Name Online in UP Ration Card APL / BPL List 2019-2020UP BPL / Antyodaya Ration Card Holder List – Check Name OnlineUP New Ration Card 2019-2020 Application Form – Download LinkList of Documents for New Ration Card in Uttar PradeshUttar Pradesh Ration Card Helpline Number
UP New Ration Card List 2020 | UP Ration Card Suchi Download | UP APL / BPL List Name Find Online | UP NFSA Beneficiary List Download | UP BPL / Antyodaya Ration Card Holder List | UP TPDS Ration Card Holder List 
Food and Civil Supplies Department of Uttar Pradesh has released the district wise UP Ration Card New List 2019-2020 online at fcs.up.gov.in (उत्तर प्रदेश राशन कार्ड सूची ऑनलाइन). All the citizens who had previously made fresh registrations for ration card can now check their name online or by downloading the list of eligible National Food Security Act (NFSA) beneficiaries.
UP govt. has made this ration card new list 2019-2020 public in order to make the process of finding name of beneficiaries easier. People can also find their name online in the NFSA eligible beneficiaries list 2019-20. People can now even find their name in the ration cards for below poverty line (BPL) / Antyodaya beneficiaries generated by TPDS. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Ration Card is an essential document for the APL / BPL people to take benefits of most govt. schemes. It is important to note that ration card holders only can purchase Ration at subsidized rates from Ration Shops located nearby.
UP Ration Card New List 2020 Download – Find Name at fcs.up.nic.in
All the candidates who had previously applied for the new ration card now check their name in UP ration card list 2019-2020 for NFSA beneficiaries as per the procedure below:- 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Visit the official website of Food & Civil Supplies dept. (Aapurti portal) at fcs.up.gov.in
At the homepage, click at the “एन.एफ.एस.ए की पात्रता सूची” (Eligibility List of NFSA) link under the “महत्त्वपूर्ण लिंक्स” (Important Links) section.
UP Ration Card New List
Accordingly, the entire UP district wise ration card list 2019-20 will appear as shown below:-
UP Ration Card District Wise List Download
Here candidates have to click appropriate district, then their town, next ration card numbers in front of shopkeeper’s name to open the Ration card list of beneficiaries.
Finally, candidates can check their name manually in the opened list as shown below:-
UP Ration Card List Online – उत्तर प्रदेश राशन कार्ड सूची ऑनलाइन
Furthermore, candidates can take a printout of the UP Ration Card List 2019-2020 for any future reference.

In the displayed UP ration card new list 2020-2021, citizens can find their name manually or can press “CTRL + F” button to find their name easily.
Those candidates whose name is not present in the gram Panchayat wise UP ration card list need not worry. Such candidates can apply for inclusion of name in new ration card list (राशन कार्ड सूची) in the prescribed format at the official Aapurti portal.
Find Name Online in UP Ration Card APL / BPL List 2019-2020
उत्तर प्रदेश राशन कार्ड नई सूची 2020 में अपना नाम खोजें
In case the candidates finds it difficult to understand the name find process in UP Ration Card List, then he / she can find their name Online in the UP Ration Card New List 2019-2020 and 2020-2021.

Visit the same official website http://fcs.up.gov.in/FoodPortal.aspx
To directly find name in UP Ration Card New List 2019-2020, candidates can click this link at the homepage as shown in the figure:-
fcs.up.gov.in Ration Card List Online
Now the new UP Ration Card List 2019-20 find online page will appear as shown below:-
Find Name UP Ration Card List Online
Here candidates can select their district, area, card type, name of head of the family to find name online in the Ration Card New List 2019-20 (उत्तर प्रदेश राशन कार्ड नई सूची 2019-20) in Uttar Pradesh.

Till date there are around 3.14 crore NFSA ration card holders and around 41 lakh Antyodaya Ration card holders in the state of Uttar Pradesh, thus totaling to around 3.55 crore ration card holders (as on 6 January 2019).
UP BPL / Antyodaya Ration Card Holder List – Check Name Online
All the BPL and Antyodaya ration card holders can find their name online in the list generated by TPDS, here is the complete procedure:-

Visit the official website – fcs.up.gov.in/FoodPortal.aspx
At the homepage, scroll over the “बी.पी.एल./अंत्योदय कार्ड खोजें” link in the header and then click at the “TPDS के अन्तर्गत जारी हुए बी०पी०एल०/अन्त्योदय राशन कार्ड खोजें” link.
Afterwards, the UP BPL / Antyodaya Ration Card Holders list will appear as shown below:-
UP BPL Antyodaya Ration Card List
Here candidates can enter the name, area, town, gram panchayat, card type and other details and click at the “खोजें” button to open the UP BPL / Antyodaya Ration Card List

UP govt. is going to issue new ration cards for all the citizens whether BPL or APL candidates. It is necessary for citizens to become either Antyodaya or NFSA ration card holder to get ration through the distributors at various ration shops. Furthermore, all the citizens can check their name online in the UP Ration Card New List 2019-20 at the official website of Food and Civil Supplies Department of Uttar Pradesh.
UP New Ration Card 2019-2020 Application Form – Download Link
To make fresh application for the Ration Card in Uttar Pradesh, candidates can directly download the application form through the link given below:-
Download UP Ration Card Application Form
The application form for the New Ration Card will appear as shown in the figure:-
UP Ration Card Application Form Download
UP Ration Card Apply Online New Form Download (Rural PDF)
UP Ration Card Apply Online New Form Download (Urban PDF)
List of Documents for New Ration Card in Uttar Pradesh
The following documents are necessary to submit the Ration Card application form:-

Recent Passport Size Photograph
Aadhaar Card
Previous Electricity Bills
PAN Card
Gas Connection
Bank Passbook
Caste Certificate
Income Certificate

Uttar Pradesh Ration Card Helpline Number
So, now since we have explained you the how to find your name the existing ration card list check your name or download ration card, for any other information or complain, please call ah the helpline numbers given below.
Toll Free Number: 1800 1800 150 and 1967
UP govt. is going to issue new ration cards for all the citizens whether BPL or APL candidates. This is necessary for getting ration through the distributors at various ration shops. Furthermore, all the citizens can check their name in the UP Ration Card New List 2018-2019-2020 at the official website of Food and Civil Supplies Department of Uttar Pradesh.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Kisan Uday Yojana – FeaturesEssential Features of Pump SetsImplementation of Kisan Uday Yojana
Uttar Pradesh Government is going to launch Kisan Uday Yojana for farmers. Subsequently, farmers will receive energy efficient pumps sets of different capacities. Accordingly, this scheme will save energy and helps in achieving the target of “Power for All”. Under this scheme, the state govt. is going to provide 10 lakh pumps to the farmers till the financial year 2022.
This scheme is going to reduce the dependence of farmers on the conventional power pumps which utilizes 35% more energy. Moreover, farmers can turn the pump on or off through their cell phones. In addition to this, the farmers will also get free of cost maintenance for the upcoming 5 years.
This scheme is going to benefit all citizens as the common man can utilize the energy which is saved from the use of these energy efficient pumps. Kisan Uday Yojana will also lowers the input cost in agriculture and will also raise the income of the farmers. UP state govt. has launched this scheme on 23 December 2017.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Kisan Uday Yojana – Features
The important features and highlights of this scheme are as follows:-

UP state govt. has launched this scheme in Baghpat for farmers.
Subsequently, govt. will provide energy efficient pumps to the farmers to save energy in agricultural activities.
This scheme is to achieve target of “Power For All” till 2022.
In addition to the energy conservation, Kisan Uday Yojana will also reduce the input cost for farming which will further improve individual income of the farmers.
Moreover, these pump sets given to the farmers will increase savings as these pumps consumes 35% lesser energy as compared to the other traditional pumps.
Furthermore, farmer’s can take benefits of the UP govt’s recent move to reduce the per unit cost for power.

This scheme is going to benefit the farmers to a large extent by raising their income from agricultural activities. Moreover, this scheme will also conserve the energy for various other purposes.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Essential Features of Pump Sets
The essential features of the pumps to get distributed are as follows:-

Govt. will provide energy efficient pump sets in 2 variants according to their capacity – 5.0 Horse Power (HP) and 7.5 Horse Power (HP).
Subsequently, UP govt. will also provide smart kit which will enable farmers to switch On / Off these pumps from their phones.
Finally, the state govt. will also bears the maintenance cost of these pumps for next 5 years.

Implementation of Kisan Uday Yojana
UP state govt. launches this scheme on the birth anniversary of former PM, Chaudhary Charan Singh (23-Dec-2017). Subsequently, the state govt. will implement this scheme in phases to achieve distribution of 10 lakh pumps till 2022. Govt. will cover the following districts in 1st phase:-
a) Ghazipur
b) Gorakhpur
c) Varanasi
d) Ambedkarnagar
e) Mathura
f) Aligarh
This scheme will also provide benefits to the common public because energy will get conserved. Furthermore, the state govt. will utilize the saved units (from use of pumps) to provide power supply in other backward areas.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath launches Saubhagya Scheme – Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana. Subsequently, this ‘Power for All’ Scheme will provide electricity connection to every poor family across the state till December 2018. Under this scheme, govt. will select the beneficiaries from those whose name appears in the Socio Economic Caste Census (SECC)-2011. Accordingly, this scheme will benefit around 1.57 crore households in the UP state.
CM launches this scheme for the up-liftment of poor and economically weaker sections of the society. Subsequently, this scheme will provide free electricity connections to the BPL families as per SECC 2011 data while other families have to pay Rs 500 in 10 equal monthly installments. 
Latest Update – UPPCL is going to install 1 crore prepaid electricity meters in UP from 1 June 2018 – See Details.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UPPCL will operate this scheme across the state. Furthermore to meet the deadlines, corporation will have to issue connections at a rapid pace. Furthermore, UP state govt. will spend Rs. 7100 crore to implement this scheme. 
Uttar Pradesh Saubhagya Scheme
The important features of this scheme are as follows:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


UP Govt. has identified 153.7 lakh families in rural areas and 3.02 lakh families in urban areas (total 157 lakh families) which does not possess an electricity connection.
This accounts to around 40% of the total 4 crore households in the country not having any power connection.
UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) will spend Rs. 7,100 crore on this project. Furthermore, Central govt. and State govt. contribution ratio is 60:40.
BPL families whose name appears in the SECC-2011 list will get free metered connections. However, other families can get connections for Rs. 500 in 10 installments with their electricity bills.
This scheme is launched simultaneously at 2,300 power distribution sub-stations across the state. Moreover, Yogi govt. also provides 1 lakh connections at the launch of this scheme.
Saubhagya scheme in UP will provide metered connections and the documents necessary to get these connections are Aadhar Card, Voter Card, Driving License, Bank Account. After the successful verification of personal details, state govt. will provide electricity connections.

Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana (PM-SBHGY)
UP govt. is carrying forward the Rs. 16,320 crore Saubhagya Scheme of the central government. PM Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana aims to provide electricity connections to 4 crore families living in rural and urban areas till December 2018. PM Saubhagya Scheme has an outlay of Rs 14,025 crore for the rural families and Rs 2,295 crore for the urban families. 
Central Govt. will identify beneficiaries for free connections using SECC 2011 data. However, other households have to pay Rs. 500 to be recovered by the Power Distribution Companies (DISCOMs) in 10 equal installments through their electricity bills. The Rural Electrification Corporation Limited (REC) will operate this scheme throughout the country. Candidates can see the details of PM Saubhagya Scheme using the link given below:-
PM Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Bijli Yojana 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Dinesh Sharma, Deputy CM of Uttar Pradesh has prepared a draft for Fees Regulation Act 2017 of Private Schools. Subsequently, all the private schools in the state of UP cannot take desirable fees from the parents of the school students. Accordingly, this is a bold step of the state govt. against the arbitrary nature of the private schools. Now the private schools does not have the authority to increase the school fees as per their will.
This step will minimize the harassment of the parents by the school administration. In addition to this, the schools are also restricted to take admission fees every year from the students. Schools are not allowed to force students to purchase uniforms and books from certain specified shops. If the private schools does not follow these orders then, those schools will get punished according to the provisions of the draft of Fees Regulation Act.
Details of Draft of Fees Regulation Act 2017 of private Schools
The important features and highlights of this draft for UP Fees Regulation Act are as follows:-



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


This act prohibits the private schools to take arbitrary fees from the students.
In addition to this, private schools cannot increase the school fees as per their requirement.
Under this act, the private schools can only take the admission fees once.
Subsequently, students will not have to pay admission fees every year.
Moreover, Private schools also cannot force students to purchase Uniforms and Books from certain special shops.
Most important feature of this draft is that all the private schools will have to put the information about the fees on the official website as well as on the notice board of the school.
All the private schools not obeying the conditions (found guilty) will get punishment as per the provisions specified in the draft.

Provisions for Punishment in Fees Regulation Act 2017
This draft enforces strict conditions on the private schools so that the school administration cannot harass students and their parents. This draft will also ensure transparency and will lead to a better education system in the entire state of Uttar pradesh. The state govt. will give punishment to the private schools not obeying the conditions of the draft as given below:-

If schools disobeys the conditions (found guilty) for the first time, then state govt. will impose a fine of Rs 1 lakh on that school.
Subsequently, if the school is found guilty for the second time, then state govt. will impose a fine of Rs 5 lakh on that particular school.
Furthermore, if the school does not follow the rules and is found guilty for the third time also, then the state govt. will end the recognition / membership of that private school.

Uttar Pradesh state govt. has prepared this draft to put an end to the miseries of the parents whose students are studying in the private schools. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


UP state govt. is going to launch Contract Farming Scheme for farmers. Subsequently, this scheme will help in achieving the Center’s objective of Doubling Farmers Income by 2022. Accordingly in this scheme, private agro processing & agro processing will make agreement (contract) with the farmers for purchase of their agri-commodities in specified quantities on the basis of mutual agreement of terms. For this reason, UP govt. will also amend APMC Act to provide alternative choice to the farmers to boost investment in this farming sector.
This farming scheme will provide help to the farmers to get better price of their production. In addition to this, it will also minimize post harvest losses to a great extent. The involvement of state in this type of farming will help farmers in a substantial manner.
Details of Contract Farming Scheme for Doubling Farmers Income
The important features and highlights of this farming scheme are as follows:-



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Contract farming Scheme is a key driver in doubling income of farmers.
Subsequently, the state govt. will provide an assured market and better prices to farmers.
Through this scheme consumers will get goods at relatively low price.
UP govt. will bring the contract farming law to protect farmers from changing prices of perishable items.
This law will ensure better price of agricultural and horticulture products to the farmers.
Accordingly, farmers will get advance agreements and ensured supply for companies to increase investment.
Henceforth, Agricultural Produce Marketing Commodities (APMC) Act will allow privatization, opening and access to private mandis and beginning of e-trading to increase farmer’s income.

UP state govt. is going to amend APMC Act as per the lines of Model Act. Subsequently, this act will give special emphasis on fruits and vegetables. As per the data of NITI Aayog (2011-12), approx. 23.2% of the total families of farmers in UP are below the poverty line. So to encourage Contract farming and to double the farmers income in the state by the financial year 2022, the state govt. has launched this scheme. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

 




(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Uttar Pradesh is all set to introduce a new scheme named as Mukhyamantri Samoohik Vivaah Yojana or Mass Marriage Scheme for new couples. Under the scheme, the state government will spend a total of Rs. 35000 for each couple out of which Rs. 20,000 will be transferred directly to the bank accounts of the beneficiary. Rest of the amount would be spent to provide a gift which will have a new mobile phone and other household items.
The guideline and framework of Mukhyamantri Samoohik Vivaah Yojana will be drawn by social welfare department, Uttar Pradesh. The objective of this scheme is to provide financial assistance on the occasion of marriage for the couple belonging to economically weaker section of the state.
The scheme has been approved by the state cabinet which will be launched as soon as all the contours of the scheme are finalized. The state government would form a committee for the identification of such eligible couple beneficiaries.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Eligibility for Mukhyamantri Samoohik Vivaah Yojana
UP Govt. has fixed some criteria to avail the benefits of this scheme given below:-

This scheme is only applicable for the citizens of Uttar Pradesh.
All the couples including Widow and Divorced will also get benefit of scheme but they should belong to Below Poverty Line (BPL) families.
The mass marriage ceremony must consist of at least 10 couples.

Highlights of Mukhyamantri Samoohik Vivaah Yojana
Below are some of the main highlights of the mass marriage scheme of Uttar Pradesh Government


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


This is a mass marriage scheme for the citizens of Uttar Pradesh. 
All the economically weaker section or BPL category families can avail the benefits of this scheme.
Widows and divorced women belonging to the poor sections of the society can also take the benefits of this scheme.
The State Govt. will provide total benefits of Rs. 35000 to each couple on their occasion but there should be at least 10 couples in the Mass Marriage Ceremony. 
Moreover, govt. will also provide a wedding dress and ‘bichhiya’ (toe ring) to the couples from the poor families.
These marriages will be authorized by district magistrates.
The mass marriage programme under the scheme would be organized by local bodies such as Nagar Panchayat, Nagar Palika and Nagar Nigam, Kshetra Panchayats, Zila Panchayats, Government / Semi-government Organizations and NGOs.

The state government has given its approval for the scheme on 3 October 2017. This scheme will soon be launched with the objective of making the marriage occasion a special one for the couples from poor sections.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


State Government of Uttar Pradesh has announced a new pension scheme for weavers during a state cabinet meeting held on 18 July.
Under the new pension scheme named as “Samajwadi Hathkargha Bunkar Pension Yojana”, state government will provide Rs. 500 per month as pension to every weaver in the state.
The pension will be given to the weaver who is above the age of 60 years.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state government announced the scheme during the recent cabinet meeting where some other important decisions were also taken regarding the 7th Pay Commission.
Since the scheme has been announced just yesterday, not much details are available. We will update the complete details about the Samajwadi Hathkargha Bunkar Pension Yojana as soon as possible.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Online Registrations for Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana (Kisan Karj Rahat) in UPDocuments Required for UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana / Fasal Rin Mochan YojanaEligibility Criteria for UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme / Kisan Karj Mafi YojanaOfficial Website at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.inAdvertisement of Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana
Uttar Pradesh Government has launched Uttar Pradesh Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana (UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme 2019) online portal at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in. The eligible interested farmer candidates can register themselves to avail the farm loan waiver under the scheme. The UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana was launched on 9th July 2017 for waiving off the farm loans of farmers.
UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana or the loan waiver scheme is expected to benefit about 86 lakh farmers across the state whose loans would be waived off by the government. UP farm loan waiver scheme or the fasal rin mochan yojana is the first official scheme launched by CM Yogi Aadityanath after coming to the power. By 17th of August 2019, all the eligible farmers should get the loan waiver and thereafter the loan waiver certificates.
Latest Update – Now farmers can track their Loan Redemption Status and see the Farmers Karj Mafi List. Moreover, the online UP Kisan Karj Mafi Complaint Login & Status is also included at the Karz Mochan Portal. For more details – Click Here



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The farm loan waiver scheme 2019 in Uttar Pradesh is being implemented on district-wise where the scheme implementation is being supervised by the district magistrate. The farmers who meet the eligibility criteria for the scheme can register themselves on the online portal at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in.
Online Registrations for Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana (Kisan Karj Rahat) in UP
STEP 1: Eligible farmers have to visit the official website of UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana or the farm loan waiver scheme 2019 at http://upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

STEP 2: If the farmer is already a member on the website, he/she can use the “Login” button to login with the user id and password.
STEP 3: For new registration, farmers first will have to sign up by providing all required information on the website. The registration form for loan waiver can be filled after the sign up process is complete.
STEP 4: Information such as name, age, contact details, bank account, Aadhar number and also land & loan details would be required in the loan waiver registration form.
STEP 5: After filling and verifying all the information, click the “Submit” button. The verification process would be started later by the department.
Documents Required for UP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojana / Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana
Eligible farmers would be required to submit at least the following two documents
1. Aadhaar card
2. Land papers of the farmers
The bank account number and details will also be needed for the scheme.
Eligibility Criteria for UP Farm Loan Waiver Scheme / Kisan Karj Mafi Yojana
Below is the eligibility criteria for the farm loan waiver scheme in Uttar Pradesh

The farmer must be the residents of Uttar Pradesh.
The farmers’ lands on which the loan is taken must be within the UP state premise.
Farm loans before 31st March, 2016 will only be eligible to get the loan waiver under the scheme.
Loan amount of up to Rs. 1 Lac would be eligible for the scheme.
The farmer’s bank account should be linked with the Aadhar number.
Farmers with the ownership of lans of up to 2 Hectares would only be entitled to get the loan waiver benefits.

Official Website at upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in
The official website for the UP loan waiver scheme is http://upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in/. All the information regarding the registration process and other details is available at this official website. The official booklet of the UP farm loan waiver scheme 2019 can be downloaded from the official website at http://upkisankarjrahat.upsdc.gov.in/img/English%20Booklet%20for%20PDF.pdf
Download in Hindi
Helpline
The state government has also released helpline toll free numbers to get any detail about the scheme
Nodal Officer: 9235209436
District Lead Manager: 9412626279
Also Read – MP Kisan Karz Mafi Yojna
Advertisement of Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana
UP Fasal Rin Mochan Yojana





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh state government has launched Pradhan Mantri Matritva Vandana Yojana (PMMVY) across the state under which pregnant women will get financial assistance of Rs. 5000 for their first baby. This amount will be transferred directly into the bank account of beneficiary women.
The main objective of Pradhan Mantri Matritva Vandana Yojana is to improve the health of pregnant women and safe delivery of child with good health. As per the notification, those women who were pregnant after January 1, 2017 will be eligible to avail the benefits of the scheme.
PMMVY is a centrally sponsored scheme which was announced by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the new year eve on 31st December 2016.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Highlights of Pradhan Mantri Matritva Vandana Yojana
Below are some of the main highlights of the scheme

To avail the scheme, women have to register themselves at the public health center.
The beneficiary must link their Aadhar card with the bank account.
The amount of Rs. 5000 will be provided in three installments.
Women will get first installment of Rs. 1000 at time of registration of pregnancy. Second installment of Rs. 2000 will be received by the women on check-up after six months. Furthermore, the last installment of Rs. 2000 will be given after vaccination of six months of the newborn baby.

SCHEME IN SHORT
Scheme Name: Pradhan Mantri Matritva Vandana Yojana
Financial Assistance: Rs. 5000
Beneficiary: First time pregnant Women


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

This scheme will surely help boosting the health care facilities for the pregnant women, especially the poor. Under Pradhan Mantri Matritva Vandana Yojana, all the services during pregnancy will be provided in routine at identified public health facilities in both urban and rural areas.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The department of Energy of both the Center and state government of Uttar Pradesh have started “Sarathi Yojana” to provide IT related information on electricity to the consumers. The objective of this scheme is to provide information about electricity on mobile to the consumers.
Under Sarathi Yojana, consumers will get information about the time of cutting of electricity on their mobile. It would also be providing information about the purchase and sale of electricity online. Through this initiative, the energy department will get help to reduce the line loss under the scheme.
Sarathi Yojana for Electricity Information in UP
The energy department of both the Center and UP state government has announced Sarathi Yojana to resolve the problem of line loss. Under the scheme, those feeder will be marked who are facing the highest line loss. The data of domestic and commercial consumers connected to such feeders will also be kept for future use. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

According to the official notification, this scheme will help assess the precise data related to the revenue generated for selling of power. This assessment will help identify the difference of cost between purchase-sale of electricity and overcome the causes. 
This mobile application will provide information regarding the consumers bill and their information, along with other information they have been using in the application.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The strong management IT help desk and trained staff will be appointed so that users also get the benefit of application along with the department.
In the first phase of Sarathi Yojana, the officers of the Zone will be trained along with the Purvanchal Discom Headquarters. For this purpose, officers of Rural Energy Corporation, PEC and Power Grid Distribution Corporation Limited, PGDCL have been selected. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Uttar Pradesh is going to launch a new scheme named as “Krishi Rin Mochan Yojana” as a farm loan waiver scheme for farmers. The chief minister of UP had approved the waiver of farm loans up to Rs. 1,00,000 for small and marginal farmers in month of April this year.
During the launching of Krishi Rin Mochan Yojana, the union home minister had distributed around 7,500 certificates to small and marginal farmers at program. This scheme will cover those farmers who has taken crop loan from banks for procurement of seeds, pesticides and fertilizer in financial year 2015-16.
According to the official data, there are around 23 million farmers in UP, out of this 92.5 per cent or roughly 21.5 million belongs from the small and marginal category across the state. Due to natural calamities, most of these farmers were unable to repay loans.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Krishi Rin Mochan Yojana
The government has targeted to provide the benefit of crop loan waiver for around 8.6 million farmers throughout the state. So far, the govt. has identified about 7 million farmers, remaining will be verified soon, by the official data.
In their respective districts, the state ministers will distribute certificates of the scheme that will start from September 5. For this scheme, the state govt. has already allocated Rs. 36,000 crore in their annual budget.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

It should be noticed here that to leverage the benefit of loan waiver scheme, the farmers has to register the Aadhar card with the bank account and verify it. In second phase of this scheme, the state government will cover all the farmers who have been left due to any reason.
In India, agriculture sector have been facing many issues like depleting water level, fragmentation of land, rising input costs, deteriorating soil quality etc. and the output price of productivity may not be profitable. To survive and manage the expense, the farmers are often forced to borrow money from banks and private lenders at higher rates.
Also Read – MP Kisan Karj Mafi Yojna
Due to indebtedness, many farmers are committing suicide throughout the country.The scheme of loan waivers would provide some relief to farmers in such situations. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Application Form for Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar YojanaEligibility for Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar YojanaDetails about Loan and Repayment under Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana
The state government of Uttar Pradesh has launched Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana to generate employment in rural areas across the state. The state government has made a provision of providing financial assistance under the scheme in the form of loan. The state government would provide loans to the state youth up to Rs. 25 Lakh. 
UP government is inviting the youth of the state for application for Panedit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana. The official website www.upkvib.gov.in or upkhadi.data-center.co.in can be visited by the interested candidates to check all the details of the scheme such as ligibility criteria, age limit, document requirement etc.
Moreover, state government will also provide training facilities for those candidate who will be selected under the scheme. The intention of UP government is to increase the opportunities for employment to youth across the state.
Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Interested candidate have to visit at official portal at upkvib.gov.in upkvib.gov.in
Application Form for Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana
Below is the procedure to download the application form of Deendayal 
From the main menu, click on पं0 दीनदयाल ग्रामोद्योग रोजगार योजना link.
On the next page, users will receive all information regarding the scheme.
Afterward, Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana application form can be downloaded using the below link.
 Download Application Form

Eligibility for Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana

This scheme is only applicable for the youth of Uttar Pradesh.
Age of youth should be between 18 to 40 years.
Academic qualification must be minimum 10th passed from a recognized board to get more than Rs. 15 Lakh loan.
Aadhar card is mandatory at the time of filling the registration form.
All documents are necessary if youth have any work experience.

Details about Loan and Repayment under Pandit Deendayal Gramodyog Rozgar Yojana

 Eligible candidate will get loan up to Rs. 25 lakhs through private and cooperative banks.
Loan will be sanctioned on the instructions issued by Reserve Bank of India RBI / India Government from time to time. After approval, the amount of loan will be transferred directly into the bank account of beneficiary.
5% cost of the project will be borne by the entrepreneurs themselves.

To get more detail of the scheme, please visit the official website at upkvib.gov.in


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Uttar Pradesh is planning to construct 10 lakh houses in rural areas under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin (PMAY-G) and 2 lakh houses in urban areas under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban (PMAY-U). The aim of the central government’s flagship housing scheme is to provide shelter for homeless people across the country.
According to the official data, around 48 lakh people in the rural areas of Uttar Pradesh do not have a permanent residence to stay. So the state government is planning to solve this problem by constructing at least 10 lakh houses in the state within 2017-18 under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin. PMAY is a central government’s scheme under which an affordable house to poor and homeless people in the country would be provided through several benefit components of the scheme.
Financial Benefits Under PM Awas Yojana Gramin
The state government has made an announcement that the beneficiaries will get financial aid for building houses in rural areas under the PM Awas Yojana Gramin. Subsidy amount to be provided in rural areas under PMAY-G by the government is as below:
– Each eligible beneficiary will be provided a financial assistance of Rs. 1.20 lakh.
– Additional Rs. 12,000 for the construction of toilet.
– Beneficiaries will be given Rs. 15,700/- who construct their house by themselves.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state govt. has identified 5,129 families in urban areas across the state who are eligible to get financial assistance to construct their homes. The subsidy amount to be provided in urban areas under PMAY-U by the government is mentioned below:
– By Central Government – Rs. 1.5 – 2.5 lakh
– By State Government – Rs. 1 lakh
To get more detail about the scheme visit the official website Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban at pmaymis.gov.in or PMAY Gramin at pmayg.nic.in


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Uttar Pradesh is planning to launch a new central family planning scheme named as “Mission Parivar Vikas”. The central government had written to seven states including UP, Bihar, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Assam in November last year to implement the scheme.
The state government has not acted on the order issued by the central government and now taking the implementation of scheme in serious manner. The order has been sent to the DM’s and chief medical officers of 57 or 75 districts of UP for the implementation of the scheme. The TFR (Total Fertility Rate) in Uttar Pradesh is 3.3 which means a women on average bears 3 or more children here.
The main objective of the Mission Parivar Vikas family planning scheme is to bring down the Total Fertility Rate to 2.1 by the year 2025. 11 Districts in Uttar Pradesh have TFR of over 4 including Bahraich and Balrampur with TFR of 4.8 and Siddharthnagar with 4.9. The districts which are not included under the scheme have a TFR less than 3.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Mission Parivar Vikas
Under the mission parivar vikas scheme, the state government would provide family planning kit worth Rs. 220 to newly weds in rural areas. The family planning kit would include the following items.
– 3 Condoms
– Marriage registration form
– Five contraceptive pills
– Two pregnancy test kits 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under the scheme, free condom boxes would also be put up at strategic locations across the state which includes health facilities and gram panchayat bhawans.
The government is also introducing a new contraceptive injection upon opting for which the women would be paid Rs. 100 per shot. The government would also provide training to about 47000 nurses and Asha workers to give these injections to women.
Apart from all these, government has also planned to bring change in attitudes of mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law by conducting saas-bahu sammelans and improve the communication between two parties through interactive games and exercises.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The State Government of Uttar Pradesh has replaced the name of the “Samajwadi Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana” with “Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana”. The aim of the scheme is to provide financial and social help to the farmers and weaker section of Uttar Pradesh.
Under the Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana, the landless farmers, street vendors and poor can take the benefit of the scheme. The scheme would provide social security to the vulnerable section of the society in Uttar Pradesh. The state residents can avail the benefit of the scheme by using a bima care card that would be provided by the state government. However, in case the bima care card is not issue by the concern authority due to any delay then also the account holder, nominees and other member will get the advantage of the scheme.
Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana
Under the Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana, about 3 Crore households will be covered for insurance by the state government. The accidental insurance cover will provide a financial help of up to Rs. 5 lakh in case of death. Also in the case of physical damages the beneficiary would get the insurance amount of up to Rs. 2.5 lakh for the medical treatment.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

To become partners/operators of the scheme, the candidate has to do online applications on the official website at www.bimacarecard.com or click this link
Eligibility Criteria of Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana

The candidate should be resident of Uttar Pradesh.
The candidate should be between 18-70 years old to take the scheme benefit.
The candidate whose household income is less than Rs. 75000 per annum will be eligible under the scheme.

For more details about the Mukhyamantri Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana, please visit the Bima Care Card website at www.bimacarecard.com


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

 




(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Yogi Adityanath’s government in Uttar Pradesh has announced a cash reward scheme for every girl who passes 10th class. The government would provide Rs. 10,000 cash reward to every girl upon passing class 10th examination. The scheme has been announced by the Deputy chief minister of Uttar Pradesh for promoting girl’s education in the state.
The new Rs. 10000 cash reward scheme would be implemented on the lines of existing Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana. Under the scheme the government aims to provide cash benefits to about 1,00,000 girls across the state.
Rs. 10000 Cash Reward Scheme for Girls
The main objective of the scheme is to encourage girls in Uttar Ptradesh to at least complete their 10th and pursue further education using the cash reward for expenses such as tuition fee, book purchase and other study related expenses.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The cash reward would be directly deposited in the saving bank account of the beneficiary girl who have passed 10th class through direct benefit transfer mode.
The announcement of cash reward to UP girls passing 10th class cam on the day chief minister Yogi Adityanath turned 45. Along with this scheme, the government had earlier announced helping poor Muslim families in organizing weddings of their daughters. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The Rs. 10000 cash reward scheme for UP girls has not been launched yet, complete details would be available only after the scheme is officially launched.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Uttar Pradesh has launched a new scheme named “NIDHI EIR Yojana” (National Initiative for Developing and Harnessing Innovation Entrepreneur in Residency) for engineering students to develop new ideas. 
The objective of the scheme is to provide financial support for engineering colleges and students to bring more innovative ideas to develop more business and employment opportunities across the state. 
Recently, Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh distributed cheques to 11 students of the engineering colleges. These students were selected from engineering colleges in the state for their unique and innovative ideas. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

NIDHI EIR Yojana for Engineering Student
This scheme is providing monetary incentives to meritorious students of engineering colleges for one year. Under the scheme, the state government will offer of Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 30,000 per month for one year to engineering students based on excellency of their ideas.
Moreover, under NIDHI EIR Yojana, the government will provide loan facilities (collateral free loan) to those students who wants to set up their own business based of their developed engineering project. However, their project should have been able to adapt to the changing times and supply the needs of communities throughout the country. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

NIDHI is an umbrella program conceived and developed by the Innovation & Entrepreneurship division, Department of Science & Technology, Government of India, for nurturing ideas and innovations (knowledge-based and technology-driven) into successful startups. 
TO get more information about this scheme visit on official website at www.nidhi-eir.in or click this link





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state govt. of Utter Pradesh is planning to introduce Prabhu Ki Rasoi Yojana in the state. The Purpose of the scheme is to provide one time free meal for poor peoples in the state. This scheme onset will be launched in the Saharanpur district of the state. 
State govt. has announced that the Administrative officials, NGOs and industrialist must come forward and support this scheme. Govt. would provide full support to the scheme through the administrative officers. The aim of the scheme is that nobody in the state is left hungry and at least everybody gets one time full meal. In addition to this, nobody in the state should starve at night.
Uttar Pradesh is the most populous state in India and is home to 200 million people, 60 million of whom are poor. The state govt. is seeking to improve the health condition of poor and reduction of malnutrition. Gradually, Prabhu Ki Rasoi Yojana will cover all districts across the state.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Highlights of Prabhu Ki Rasoi Yojana

Canteens under Prabhu Ki Rasoi Yojana will be established at a location near railway station.
Free Afternoon meals will be provided to poor at various Rasoi established in the state.
Meal will include Pulses, rice, chapati and other vegetables dishes.

At initial stage, this scheme will be implemented with the support of 40 government officials. The Commissioner of Saharanpur district has given permission to purchase 200 plates and glasses to start the Prabhu Ki Rasoi Scheme.
Due to vitamin and mineral deficiencies, children survival and development are mostly affected in the childhood period. The scheme would surely improve the healthcare and secure a precious life for the small children. The scheme will benefit people belonging to economically weaker section and poor laborer in Uttar Pradesh. Thus, children will remain healthy and help in National Development.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


The state government of Uttar Pradesh has launched Health Card under Mukhyamantri Swastha Bima Yojana, Samajwadi Swastha Bima Yojana and Cashless treatment scheme for state govt. employees and pensioners. The health card for the schemes was launched on 30th December by the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh at his residence.
State Health Card
The state government would issue health cards under the three insurances schemes which cab be used to avail the scheme benefits. Under the Mukhyamantri Swastha Bima Yojana and Samajwadi Swastha Bima Yojana, the state government is providing health insurance to state residents at minimal insurance premium amount.
The cashless treatment scheme for state govt. employees and pensioners is already running and the application form for state health card can be downloaded using the links below
http://uphealth.up.nic.in/pis/shc/SHCregForm.pdf.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

State employees under SECTS can also apply online for state health card using the link below.
Apply Online for Health Card under SECTS
Application status of health card can also be checked online.
CM Akhilesh Yadav also launched several projects of Health department along with the health card. For more details about the schemes, please visit the official website of UP health department at uphealth.up.nic.in


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Newly formed Uttar Pradesh government is planning to provide free homes to the poor homeless people in the state as per the reports on jagran.com. Housing and Urban Planning Department of Uttar Pradesh is reportedly working on preparing the plan of providing free housing units to the homeless poor of the state. Under the scheme the government would also provide affordable homes to people belonging to Low Income Group category of the society.
Free Housing Scheme for Poor in UP
Yogi government wants not one to live without home and rehabilitation for people living in slums. Since the people who do not have enough money to buy food, it is impossible for them to afford a home. Hence, the Yogi Adityanath Government has decided to provide free housing to such poor homeless families.
Chief Minister Yogi, who is also the housing minister has started working along with the officers of the department to prepare the proposal for free housing for poor. According to the Housing and Urban Planning Department, the state government would soon launch a new housing scheme for poor similar to housing schemes in Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra. A meeting with the officials from all the concerned departments would be held on 25th of April where the decision of launching the scheme can be taken.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The new housing scheme for poor may be named after Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay. Under the scheme, apart from free housing for poor, people belonging to LIG category would be provided homes at affordable cost.
The flagship housing scheme of central government to provide housing for all by 2022, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is already running in the state. Under the PMAY, central government is providing financial assistance of up to Rs. 1.5 lakh for EWS beneficiaries while state government is providing Rs. 1 Lakh. About 35 Lakh families have already been selected through SUDA for the benefits under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Samajwadi Awas Yojana which was started by the earlier government has failed to provide much benefits to the state residents. The scheme has been renamed as Mukhyamantri Awas Yojana. Under this scheme, development authority and Awas Vikas Parishad is constructing about 25 thousand homes.
Garib Kalyan Card for Housing Scheme Benefits
The new government would select the beneficiaries under the new housing scheme for poor based on the Garib Kalyan Card. The state government would provide Garib Kalyan Cards to the poor families for availing the benefits of all welfare schemes in the state.
DISCLAIMER: We do not take guarantee of the accuracy of content, it is sourced from http://www.jagran.com/uttar-pradesh/lucknow-city-now-the-chief-minister-yogi-will-give-free-ashes-to-the-poor-15894159.html
 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Yogi Adityanath’s government has decided to benefit the BPL families of Uttar Pradesh by providing them free power connection. Besides, APL families would also get an option to pay the bill in easy EMIs.
Under the free power connection scheme, 100% financing option with reasonable EMIs will be provided to the aPL household of urban and rural areas for taking electricity connections. These connections would not be given on any discrimination basis like caste or religion and it would be based on 2011 Socio – Economic Census data.
The government has also planned an amnesty scheme for those households and commercial connections who wants to take legal electricity connections.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Other decision that was taken along with the decision of providing free power connection to BPL Families are

100% feeder separation and smart metering expeditiously
Waving off interests on electricity dues
Provision of option of EMIs to pay off the principal amounts
Bringing in zero government official discretion

Officials have also been directed to take a weekly ground-level review of the progress of the project which to be implemented from next month onwards by the scheme officials and the officers of state power department Lucknow.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the old thermal power plants in the state would be replaced by Super Critical Power Plants. The Minister also directed the state power officers to devise a strategy to replace all the old thermal power plants in the state with Super Critical Power Plants and to engage in 100 per cent coal linkage swap so as to bring down the power costs for the common man.
Steps to be taken to achieving energy efficiency in power sector
– Replacement of all agricultural pump older more than 10 years across the state with energy efficient pumps having a smart control panel.
– Replacement of street lights across all municipalities with LED bulbs.
– Creating a stock of affordable energy efficient fans and tube lights freely available to the people.
– Creating awareness in common people about the government initiative towards power and energy saving like UJALA scheme under which the government has set a target to provide to 10 crores LED bulbs freely.
To implement the scheme, a roadmap is being prepared by the government to ensure 24×7 affordable quality power for all households living in rural and urban by October 2018.
Besides, the government of Uttar Pradesh has also decided to sign the “Power for All” document with the Center by mid-April, 2017.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Online Application for UP State Health CardDownload UP State Health Card Application FormCheck Status of State Health Card Application
Uttar Pradesh government is inviting online applications for state health card under the State Employees Cashless Treatment Scheme. The online application forms for obtaining the state health card under the scheme can be filled on the official website of the scheme at upsects.in.
Under the State Employees Cashless Treatment Scheme, the government provides cashless treatment to its employees in selected health and medical centers across the state. Below is the complete procedure to apply online for UP State health card.
Online Application for UP State Health Card
STEP 1: The interested state government employees needs to visit the official website of the scheme at upsects.in.
STEP 2: Under the main menu take your mouse cursor over the Employee/Pensioner Gateway and click on “Apply for State Health Card” link.
STEP 3: An application form similar to below would open, fill all the required details in the application form and click SUBMIT button at the bottom of the page.
UPSECTS Online Application Form
STEP 4: Once you have clicked the SUBMIT button, your application would be forwarded to the department and a registration number would be provided to you on the next screen.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

You can later edit or print your submitted application form by entering your Aadhar number at the links below.
Edit application form
Print application form
Download UP State Health Card Application Form
The application forms for state health card can also be submitted through offline modes. The application form can be downloaded using the link below and can be submitted in the office of DDO. Below is the link to download the UP state health card application form in PDF format.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

http://uphealth.up.nic.in/pis/shc/SHCregForm.pdf
Check Status of State Health Card Application
After submitting the application, applicants can also check the status of their state health card application using the below link
Check Status
To check the status, applicants either need to enter their Aadhar number or the registration number given at the time of registration.
More details about the scheme such as list of hospitals can be found on the official website at http://uphealth.up.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


UP Secondary Education Board to propose to the state government to provide free school bag and uniform scheme benefits only to poor students studying in Government run schools. According to the proposal, only a family whose income is less than or equal to Rs. 56,460 per annum should be entitled for the scheme benefits under which government provides free school bags, uniform, and textbooks.
According to the UP education board’s proposal, Rs. 56,460 slab is for the urban areas while families earning less than or equal to Rs 46,080 per annum would be entitled to scheme benefits. These family would come under Below Poverty Line category of the society. The children from these families who are studying in government run schools would qualify to get free school bags, uniform, textbooks and shoes under the scheme.
The state government would enlist the beneficiaries of the scheme once the definition of “Poor” is finalized. The total budget of the scheme would then decide whether to provide scheme benefits only to kids in government run schools or include kids studying in government aided schools.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The state government has for the first time has announced the scheme to distribute textbooks, bags, uniforms, and shoes free to students studying in government-run secondary schools. The earlier scheme was limited for the students from class 1st to 8th only. As per the estimates, there are about 4.48 lakh students in government schools across the state while 40.06 lakh students are studying in government aided schools.
In case the government provide scheme benefits only to government school students, the total cost would be Rs. 114.82 crore subject to expenditure of Rs. 2,558 per child to meet the expenses incurred for books, uniforms, shoes and books. If the government decides to extend the scheme to govt-aided schools, the cost would spike to Rs 1,024.75 crore.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Entire expense of the scheme would be borne by the state government since there is no such scheme being run by the central government. The UP government would start purchase process of school bags, uniform, shoes and books after working out the actual figures.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Bhagya Laxmi Yojana is a new scheme being planned by the Uttar Pradesh government led by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath under which the mother of newly born girl child will get a bond of Rs. 50,000 and Rs. 5,100 in bank account. The women welfare department of UP government is working on finalizing the blue print under the Bhagya Laxmi Yojana (Money for Girl Child).
Bhagya Laxmi Yojana – Highlights
People belonging to Below Poverty Line families or earning less than Rs. 2 Lakh per annum would be eligible to avail the scheme benefits. Below are the main highlights of the Bhagya Laxmi Yojana.

Only those living under BPL or whose annual income is less than Rs. 2 Lakh would be benefited under the scheme.
The scheme would be implemented by the women welfare department of UP government. The department is finalizing the blue print of the scheme.
Under the scheme, a bond of Rs. 50000 will be issued to mother of a newly born girl child and Rs. 5,100 would also be given.
The parents of girl would get a total financial assistance of Rs. 2 Lakh by the time girl reaches age of 21 years.

Under Bhagya Laxmi Yojana, the assistance money would be provided to the parents as the girl child grows. When the girl reaches class 6th, parents would be provided Rs. 3000, followed by Rs. 5000 in 8th class, Rs. 7000 in class 10th and Rs. 8000 in class 12th. Total benefits of Rs. 2 Lakh would be provided to the parents of girl child by the time girl achieves 21 years of age.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Bhagya Laxmi Yojana will prove to be of great assistance to the people belonging to BPL families who are not able to afford the education expenses of girl child. The scheme is however, yet to be launched but will definitely a great move by the state government if implemented in an efficient and transparent manner.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

 




(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


योगी मुफ्त लैपटॉप योजना 2020 ऑनलाइन पंजीकरण / आवेदन पत्र आधिकारिक वेबसाइट upcmo.up.nic.in पर उपलब्ध हैं, उत्तर प्रदेश निशुल्क लैपटॉप स्कीम में 25 लाख मेधावी छात्रों को मिलेगा नि:शुल्क लैपटॉप, जानिये पात्रता और आवेदन की शर्तें

Table of Contents

Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Scheme (Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020)UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration / Online FormYogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana 2020 BeneficiariesYogi Free Laptop Distribution Scheme Eligibility
Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020 | UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration | UP Laptop Yojana Online Form | Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Distribution Scheme | Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana 2020 | Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme
Uttar Pradesh govt. led by Sh. Yogi Adityanath is going to start Free Laptop Scheme 2020 for meritorious students. In this Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020, the UP state govt. will start distribution of laptops to around 25 lakh youths. Now all the students can make UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration and fill online form at upcmo.up.nic.in. 
Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme is also going to benefit those students who are going to take admissions in reputed colleges or universities. The primary objective of Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Distribution Scheme is to provide quality education to students and to raise their productivity.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the students can now fill UP Laptop Yojana Online Form 2020 to avail free laptops under the Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana.
Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Scheme (Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020)
Some of the children gets admissions in the reputed colleges but due to shortage of money, they are unable to purchase laptops. As laptops in the todays world are a necessity for students for better learning of concepts. Accordingly, the state govt. of UP has started Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020 for students. UP Laptop Yojana Online Form will remain available at the UP CMO website.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration / Online Form
Similar to the free laptop schemes in other states, the state govt. of Uttar Pradesh may invite UP Laptop Yojana Online Form at the official website upcmo.up.nic.in or at a new dedicated portal. The UP Laptop Yojana 2020 Registration process has not yet been started. As soon as the Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020 online application form becomes available, we will update it here.
Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Yojana 2020 Beneficiaries
In Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme, all the students who takes admission in reputed colleges or universities would be eligible. For this Yogi Muft Laptop Yojana 2020, the minimum educational qualification is 12th pass. Most of the people from the economically weaker sections would get benefited from the Uttar Pradesh Free Laptop Distribution Scheme.
Yogi Free Laptop Distribution Scheme Eligibility
All the candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to avail nishulk laptops under the Yogi Muft Laptop Vitaran Yojana:-

Students must be a permanent resident of the Uttar Pradesh state.
All the candidates must make UP Laptop Yojana 2020 registration only after passing 12th class.
UP Laptop Yojana Online Form should be filled by those students who are taking admission in reputed colleges / universities.
Any meritorious girl or boy child would be eligible for Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Distribution Scheme.

The laptops to be distributed under the Yogi Free Laptop Vitaran Scheme would comprise of the latest features like up to date processor and RAM. In this Yogi Adityanath Free Laptop Scheme, the laptops to be distributed would contain better hard disk storage, movies, MS office and internet like facilities. The screen size of laptops would be larger, battery backup would be higher and would contain graphic card. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: upcmo.up.nic.in
SAVE AS PDF


Vivah Hetu Anudan Yojana recently renamed to Putriyon ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana is a social welfare scheme in the state of Uttar Pradesh being run by the Department of Social Welfare, Government of Uttar Pradesh. Under the scheme, the state government provides financial assistance of Rs. 20,000 for marriage of girls and medical assistance of up to Rs. 10,000.
The scheme provides financial assistance to families whose annual income is below the poverty line irrespective of their category. Vivah Hetu Anudan Yojana covers all category of people including SC, ST, OBC, minority as well as general. 
Online Application Forms for Vivah Hetu Anudan Yojana
Applications for the Vivah Hetu Anudan Yojana are being invited through online modes from April 2016. The state government is expecting to receive about 2 Lakh applications this year from all communities.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Below is the procedure of online applications for Vivah Hetu Anudan Yojana or Putriyon ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana

The interested applicants need to visit the following links based on their category to apply online.

General, SC and ST Categories: http://sspy-up.gov.in/general-sc-st.
OBC Category Application: http://sspy-up.gov.in/obc-category.
Minority Class Application: http://sspy-up.gov.in/minority-class.


After clicking the link, an application form similar as below in Figure 1 will open.
Fill all the details required in the application form including details of applicant, details of marriage, annual income details, and bank account details of any nationalized bank.
The applicant need to upload the photocopy of the following documents in JPG/PDF format along with the application form.

Self attested photograph of applicant and his daughter (bride to be).
Aadhar card of applicant.
Age certificate of daughter (bride to be).
Marriage certificate/card photocopy.
Photocopy of bank account passbook of daughter.


The size of photo and PDF should be between 1 to 20 KB and 1 to 40 KB respectively.
If the applicant is a beneficiary of any of the pension schemes in UP, he/she does not require to fill the income details, instead registration number will be required.
The applicant need to submit the printout of application form and collect the receipt within 30 days after submission of online form from district social welfare officer’s office.

UP Vivah Anudan Online Application Form – Figure 1
हिंदी में पढ़ें: ऑनलाइन आवेदन की पूरी प्रक्रिया.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Online application for Vivah Hetu Anudan Yojana can be done before or after 90 days of marriage to avail the benefits.
Complete details about the scheme are available on the official website at http://sspy-up.gov.in/rapv/vivahhetuanudaan/doc/ShadiAnudaanGO.pdf





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Uttar Pradesh government is emulating the ‘Amma Canteens’, a model subsidized food scheme of Tamil Nadu government, by launching Annapurna Bhojnalayas in UP to provide nutritious breakfast, lunch and dinner at a heavily subsidized rates. 
The scheme will benefit people belonging to economically weaker section and poor labourer in Uttar Pradesh.
The labour department has scheduled a meeting for 12 April to present the scheme and it is expected that the CM Yogi Adityanath will attend the presentation. The department is working round the clock to complete the scheme presentation.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

As per the information, the breakfast will available at just 3 rupees and the cost of nutritious lunch would be Rs. 5 only. In the starting phase, the scheme will be implemented in Ghaziabad, Kanpur, Lucknow and Gorakhpur.
The similar scheme in running in Rajasthan, the state of BJP government, where they providing breakfast at 5 rupees and lunch and dinner for Rs. 8.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under Annapurna Bhojnalayas Scheme in UP, the government is creating the plan to run about 200 such subsidized meal canteens across the state. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana Login and Registrations has been disabled due to the election code of conduct in effect for 2017 assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh. Launched in October 2016, Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana by Uttar Pradesh Government is aimed at providing free smartphones to the youth in the state. The registrations for the scheme were being done through the online mode on official website at samajwadisp.in but the registration has now been put on hold.
Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana Login/Registrations
The login or registration links on official website of Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana at samajwadisp.in have been disabled due to the election code of conduct in effect for 2017 assembly elections in the state. The website now displays a message saying that the registrations / login has been disabled till next orders. The message displayed reads as below
Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana Login / Registrations Disabled
The number of registrations under Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana has recently crossed 1 Crore mark.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The last date of the registrations was however increased two times but the login and registrations have been closed weeks before the last date which was last extended to 31st January 2017.
Samajwadi Government in UP would provide free smartphones to eligible youth in the state in the second half of 2017 but only if it comes back to power in 2017 elections.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

sspy-up.gov.in – Samajwadi Pension Yojana Listsspy-up.gov.in – Samajwadi Pension Yojana Application Statussspy-up.gov.in – Samajwadi Pension Yojana Application Form/Apply Online
Samajwadi Pension Yojana is an ambitious pension scheme being run by the state government of Uttar Pradesh. The scheme provides financial assistance to selected poor households in the state. The state government is providing complete details of Samajwadi Pension Yojana on official website at sspy-up.gov.in.
sspy-up.gov.in – Samajwadi Pension Yojana List
The list of selected candidates under Samajwadi Pension Yojana for the year 2016-17 and previous years can be checked on the official website at sspy-up.gov.in. The list is available district/tehsile/village wise on the website including name of each selected candidate with pension amount & other details.
Samajwadi Pension Yojana list for year 2016-17 can be viewed by visiting the link below
Samajwadi Pension Yojana List 2016-17



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

There are a total 5405486 beneficiaries of Samajwadi Pension Yojana across the state in 2016-17 list.
sspy-up.gov.in – Samajwadi Pension Yojana Application Status
The applicants of Samajwadi Pension Yojana can check the status of their application on the same official website at sspy-up.gov.in. The application status can be checked using their account number and selecting their district.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Below is the procedure to check the state of Samajwadi Pension Yojana
1. To check the application status of Samajwadi Pension Yojana, visit the following link Application Status of Samajwadi Pension Yojana.
2. Select “Account No.” from the Search by box and then select your district.
3. Enter the saving account number provided in the application form of Samajwadi Pension Yojana.
4 Hit the “Search” button to view the complete details of application including your name, address, bank account details and pension amount for each quarter.
sspy-up.gov.in – Samajwadi Pension Yojana Application Form/Apply Online
As of now, online applications for Samajwadi Awas Yojana has not been started, however one can download the format of application form from sspy-up.gov.in.
To download the PDF format of application form, click the link below
Samajwadi Pension Yojana Application Form
Complete details of Samajwadi Pension Yojana can be viewed on the official website at sspy-up.gov.in.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has over the past few years launched several schemes for the benefit of common man and this is why he very often referred as a people-friendly chief minister by the netizens of Uttar Pradesh.
Out of several pro-development and pro-people plans, the one which really brought smiles on faces of thousands of people is ‘Putriyon Ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana’. Akhilesh Yadav, who deeply understands and respects people of all religion and community and hence the schemes launched by him focus on overall development of the society. 
Putriyon Ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana – Brief
The ‘Putriyon Ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana’ scheme is one such scheme which provides financial assistance for the marriage of young women whose family doesn’t have enough money for that. The scheme, which was discontinued in the past, has now been reintroduced with some modifications. The chief minister launched the marriage scheme by presenting certificates to 10 beneficiaries at his official residence. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

It would not be wrong to say that Putriyon Ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana is latest or 2.0 version of ‘Shadi Bimari Yojna’, which was launched by his father and former chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav during his tenure. 
Under the ‘Shadi Bimari Yojna’- launched by Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh – financial assistance of ten thousand rupees was given for marriage of a girl and additional five thousand rupees for the medical treatment. However, the scheme was discontinued in the year financial 2014-15 to pave way for some new projects. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

But the Chief Minister was very well aware of the fact that the scheme was really helpful for the people of the most populous state of India and hence he decided to re-launch the scheme as ‘Putriyon Ki Shadi Hetu Anudan Yojana’ in the year 2016.
The Akhilesh Yadav-led-Uttar Pradesh government not only re-launched the scheme but also doubled the amount of financial assistance given to people. Under the new scheme, women of the state are being provided financial assistance of Rs 20,000 for marriage and Rs 10,000 for medical aid.
According to Uttar Pradesh government, it is expecting to receive over 2 lakh applications in this financial year and for the Rs 400 crore has been allocated. As the scheme covers people of categories – SC, ST, OBC, minority as well as general – the government has fixed a target to reach about 60,500 SC beneficiaries, 650 ST, 77,000 OBC, 41,225 from the minority community and 20,625 from the general category.
In order to get benefits of this scheme, one can do online registration before and after 90 days of the marriage. While doing so, the candidate has to submit income certificate, photocopy of BPL card, Aadhar card, and the photocopy of bank passbook. Most importantly, the age of beneficiary girl candidate must be above 18 years. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Samajwadi Bima Care Card official website www.bimacarecard.com has been launched by the state government of Uttar Pradesh. Launched on 14th September 2016, Samajwadi Kisan and Sarvhit Bima Yojana of Uttar Pradesh Government will benefit about 15 Crore population in the state.
What is Samajwadi Bima Care Card
Samajwadi Bima Care Cards will be provided to the beneficiaries of Samajwadi Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana. The government will provide bima care cards to take benefits of the scheme. However, people without the bima care cards will also be able to take benefits of the scheme.
The bima care cards under the scheme can be used at empaneled hospitals for medical treatment and avail insurance benefits. Under the Samajwadi Kisan Bima Yojana, the state government would provide insurance cover to about 3 Crore households in the state.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The bima care cards online applications may be invited through bimacarecard.com from the eligible applicants. At present, government is inviting online applications through bimacarecard.com for becoming partners/operators.
Farmers between the age of 18 and 70 years would be eligible to take scheme benefits. Under the scheme, insurance cover will be provided to the state residents whose household income is less than Rs. 75000 per annum.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Samajwadi Kisan and Sarvhit Bima Yojana would provide an individual accidental insurance of up to Rs. 5 Lakh. and medical assistance of up to 2.5 Lakh to the beneficiary and his/her family members for treatment in case of death or permanent/temporary disability caused in an accident.
For more details please visit the Bima Care Card website at www.bimacarecard.com
Website Snapshot of bimacard.com
Samajwadi Bima Care Card Website – www.bimacarecard.com
The complete details of Samajwadi Kisan and Sarvhit Bima Yojana can be found at below links
IN ENGLISH: Samajwadi Kisan & Sarvhit Bima Yojana
हिंदी में पढ़ें: Samajwadi Kisan Bima Yojana in Hindi





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Samajwadi Namak Yojana is a new scheme launched by the state government of Uttar Pradesh to provide salt at subsidized rates to APL, BPL and Antyodaya card holders across the state. Branded as “Samajwadi Namak”, the salt will sold at subsidized rates in 10 districts in the state.
Fortified with iron and iodine, Samajwadi Namak will be sold through general retail outlets to about 46.2 Lakh beneficiaries in 10 districts. Apart from Below Poverty Line and Antyodaya card holders, 60% of the APL families will also be benefited through the scheme.
Below is the list of 10 districts where the scheme will be applicable and Samajwadi Namak will be available at subsidized rates.
10 Districts: Sidharth Nagar, Sant Kabir Nagar, Faizabad, Mau, Meerut, Farrukhabad, Moradabad, Hamirpur, Etawah and Auraiya



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The districts have been selected for the Samajwadi Namak scheme based on the high incidence of cases of anaemia among children below 5 years of age.
Prices of Samajwadi Namak
Samajwadi namak will be sold to APL card holders at Rs. 6 per KG while BPL and Antyodaya card holders will get the salt at Rs. 3 Per Kg. The whole subsidy would cost the state government about Rs. 48 Crore.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The Samajwadi Namak scheme will be run in collaboration with the Tata Trust. The 1KG salt packets will be available at the outlets in Samajwadi Part Colors (Red and Green) with white background. The packets mentions “Samajwadi iron evam iodine Mishrit Namak” as the name of the salt.
The packets also contain the Logo of the UP government and the sketch of map of Uttar Pradesh.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana, an ambitious scheme of Uttar Pradesh Government to distribute free smartphones to the residents of UP has attracted a lot of people. The online applications from the eligible candidates are being invited through online mode for the scheme till 10th November.
Already, about 40 Lakh applications have been received by the official portal samajwadisp.in for the scheme. Under the scheme, the state government will distribute free smartphones top the eligible candidates in second half of 2017, but only if the SP government comes back to power in 2017 assembly elections.
The application started from 10th October, and the last date to apply online for Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana is 10th November. Only the UP residents whose age is above 18 years and are at least metric pass can apply for the scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

More details about the scheme can be obtained using the link below.
Samajwadi Smartphone Yojana


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

 




(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

समाजवादी किसान बीमा योजना का मुख्य उद्देश्यसमाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना के फायदेसमाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना केयर कार्डयोजना के अन्तर्गत मिलने वाली सुविधायों को क्लेम करने के बारे मेंयोजना के लिए सहायता कैसे प्रदान करें।
समाजवादी किसान बीमा योजना उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार द्वारा शुरू की गई एक महत्वाकांक्षी योजना है। मुख्यमंत्री आखिलेश यादव ने समाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना को पूरे प्रदेश में लागू करने की घोषणा कर दी है। इस योजना के अन्तर्गत उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार पूरे प्रदेश में करीब 3 करोड़ परिवारों को बीमा रक्षा प्रदान करेगी।
समाजवादी किसान बीमा योजना का मुख्य उद्देश्य
समाजवादी किसान बीमा योजना का मुख्य उद्देश्य किसानों एवं कमजोर वर्गों के लोगों को आर्थिक और सामाजिक सुरक्षा प्रदान करना है। योजना के अन्तर्गत उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार करीब 15 करोड़ लोगों को बीमा रक्षा प्रदान करेगी। इस योजना के शुरू होते ही एक पुरानी “कृषक दुर्घटना बीमा योजना” को बंद कर दिया जाएगा।
उत्तर प्रदेश के मुख्या मंत्री आखिलेश यादव के अनुसार योजना को औपचारिक तौर पर जल्द ही लागो कर दिया जाएगा। योजना का लाभ 18 से 70 साल के किसानों को मिलेगा जो की खसरा एवं खतौनी में पंजीकृत हैं। दुर्बल वर्ग के लोगों को जिनकी सालाना पारिवारिक आय 7500 रुपये से कम है उन्हें भी योजना का पूरा लाभ मिलेगा।



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

समाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना के फायदे
समाजवादी किसान योजना के अन्तर्गत उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार लाभार्थी को कई प्रकार की सुविधाएं प्रदान करेगी जैसे कि

दुर्घटना में हुयी मौत अथवा स्थाई/अस्थाई विकलांगता की सूरत में सरकार लाभार्थी को 2 लाभ प्रदान करेगी।

5 लाख रुपये तक का व्यक्तिगत बीमा।
बीमित व्यक्ति और उसके परिवार के सदस्यों को 2.5 लाख रुपये तक की चिकित्सा सुविधा।


लाभार्थी को कैशलेस चिकित्सा की सुविधा योजना के अन्तर्गत प्रदान की जायेगी।
सभी पात्र लाभार्थियों को मुफ्त में “समाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना केयर कार्ड” दिए जायेंगे।
बी पी एल परिवारों एवं समाजवादी पेंशन योजना का लाभ उठा रहे लोगों को आय प्रमाण पत्र देने की आवश्यकता नहीं है।
लाभार्थी को योजना का लाभ सांप के काटने अथवा किसी जंगली जानवर द्वारा किये गए नुकसान की सूरत में भी मिलेगा।
दुर्घटना में अंग – भंग की सूरत में कृत्रिम अंग के लिए 1 लाख रुपये तक की सहायता प्रदान की जायेगी।
अगर लाभार्थी के साथ अपने राज्य से बहार भी कहीं दुर्घटना होती है तब भी उसे बीमा योजना का पूरा लाभ मिलेगा।
दुर्घटना की सूरत में लाभार्थी को प्राथमिक चिकित्सा के लिए 2500 रुपये तक की आर्थिक सहायता प्रदान की जायगी बशर्ते की लाभार्थी अस्पताल में भर्ती रहा हो।।

समाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना केयर कार्ड
उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार योजना के सभी लाभार्थियों को समाजवादी किसान एवं सर्वहित बीमा योजना केयर कार्ड मुफ्त में प्रदान करेगी जो की योजना का लाभ उठाने के समय उनके काम आएगा। हालाँकि जिन लाभार्थियों के पर केयर कार्ड नहीं होगा उन्हें भी योजना का पूरा लाभ दिया जाएगा।


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

READ IN ENGLISH: Samajwadi Kisan Bima Yojana in Uttar Pradesh.
उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार ने योजना के प्रचार प्रसार के लिए बॉलीवुड अभिनेता नवाज़ुद्दीन सिद्धिकी को योजना का ब्रांड एम्बेसडर बनाया है।
योजना के अन्तर्गत मिलने वाली सुविधायों को क्लेम करने के बारे में
हर एक लाभार्थी जो भी समाजवादी किसान बीमा योजना के अन्तर्गत मिलने वाली सुविधायों को क्लेम करना चाहता है उसे क्लेम फॉर्म के साथ नीचे दिए गए दस्तावेजों को संलग्न करना होगा।
1. खसरा खतौनी की प्रामाणिक प्रति
2. परिवार के मुखिया अर्थात रोटी अर्जक का आयु प्रमाण पत्र
3. आय प्रमाण पत्र
4. परिवार वितरण पत्र
5. एफ0 आई0 आर0 की प्रति
6. जी0 डी0 की0 प्रति
7. मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र
8. अपंगता की स्थिति में मुख्य चिकित्साधिकारी का प्रमाण पत्र
9. प्राथमिक चिकित्सलय में इलाज संबंधी बिल
10. परिवार के मुखिया, रोटी अर्जक, नॉमिनी, कानूनी वारिस के बैंक का नाम, खता संख्या तथा IFSC कोड देना होगा
योजना के लिए सहायता कैसे प्रदान करें।
उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार ने योजना के बारे में लोगों के सवालों का जवाब देने के लिए 1502 नंबर की मुफ्त सेवा भी शुरू की है। यह हेल्पलाइन नंबर पर 24 घंटे चालु रहेगा जिस पर फ़ोन करके लोग योजना के बारे में कोई भी जानकारी ले सकते हैं।





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana FeaturesSamajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana – EligibilityApplication Form for Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar YojanaAdvertisement of Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana
Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana is a new self-employment scheme launched by the Uttar Pradesh Government in order to make the youth self-reliant. Under the Samajwadi Yuva Swarojgar Yojana, the state government provides financial assistance in forms of loan for setting up industry.
Under the scheme, the state government would allow the unemployed youth in the state to avail loan from the nationalized banks and setup their business/industry.
Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana Features

A loan of up to 25 Lakh to setup an industry and 25% of the cost of the project in case of service industry.
Margin money of up to 6.25 Lakh in case of industry and up to 2.5 Lakh in case of service industry.
General category candidates are required to contribute 10% of the cost of the project while special category candidates are required to contribute only 5% of the cost of the project.

Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana – Eligibility

The applicant should be the permanent resident of Uttar Pradesh.
The age of applicant should be between 18-40 years.
Minimum qualification is 10th passout.
Applicant should not have been declared defaulter by any financial institution.
The applicant should not already be a beneficiary of any such scheme of state of central government.
The applicant or anyone in his/her household will be benefited only once under the scheme.
Affidavit has to be presented as mandatory document for availing the loan facility.

Application Form for Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana
The details about the application form of Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana can be obtained from the official website of UP government or from the below contact phone number.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Helpline Number: 0512-2218401
Advertisement of Samajwadi Yuva Swarozgar Yojana
Samajwadi Yuva Swarojgar Yojana Uttar Pradesh – Scheme Advertisement



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana 2016Objective of Kanya Vidya Dhan YojanaEligibility Criteria for Kanya Vidya Dhan YojanaKanya Vidya Dhan Yojana – How to Apply
Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana is a scholarship scheme launched by the Uttar Pradesh Government to provide scholarships to meritorious girl students in the state. Under the scheme, the UP government provides a financial assistance of Rs. 30,000 to each girl student who has achieved merit distinction in 12th board exams.
Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana 2016
For the year 2016, the government would distribute Rs 267.30 cr to 89,100 meritorious girl students under the Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana. Under the scheme, an amount of Rs. 30,000 will be transferred directly to the saving bank accounts of to the girl students who have excelled in intermediate or equivalent examinations in the state.
The amount will be transferred by the end of September to accounts of all the beneficiary girl students.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana merit list 2016 can be downloaded district wise from the link below.
Merit List 2016
Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana 2016 Hindi
Earlier, only the UP board girl students were eligible for the scheme but the state government has amended the scheme to include more boards and institutions. Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme now to include meritorious passouts of Class XII of State Secondary Education Council, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), Indian Certificate of Secondary Education, UP Madarsa Council and UP Sanskrit Education Council.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Objective of Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana
The main objective of the scheme is to encourage girl students to go for higher studies and support them financially. The scheme is dedicated to girls from poor households who are not able to seek higher education due to shortage of funds.
Eligibility Criteria for Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana
The scheme is meant only for the girl students whose annual family income is not more than a certain amount as decided by the Government. To be eligible for the scheme, the girl student should achieve merit distinction in their intermediate or equivalent examinations.
Only the girl students of UP board, State Secondary Education Council, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), Indian Certificate of Secondary Education, UP Madarsa Council and UP Sanskrit Education Council who have passed class 12th can apply for this scheme.
Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana – How to Apply
To apply for the Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana, the eligible girl students needs to fill the application forms in the prescribed form.
Application Form
The application form can be downloaded online. The filled application form has to be submitted to the school from where 12th class is passed. The school then will evaluate and verify the details and submit the filled application form to the concerned DIOS office / Jila Vidyalaya Nirikshak (District Inspector of School).
Download the application form for Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana 2016 using the link below
http://auraya.nic.in/kanyavi.pdf
Documents Required for Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana
Following are the two mandatory documents to be attached with the application form:
1. Self attested mark sheet and certificate xerox copy of Intermediate
2. Certified copy of Income certificate.
IMG CREDITS: Huffington Post & Patrika





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Why Samajwadi Rozgar YojanaAssistance under Samajwadi Rozgar YojanaSustainability of the schemeScope of Employment Under Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana
Keeping in mind the huge unemployed population in the state of Uttar Pradesh, Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana has been developed. The Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana will help develop small traders and generating jobs for the unemployed in the state.
Why Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana
Almost everyone is aware about the state of unemployment in the country despite of people being academically qualified in different skills. In such scenario, most are looking for jobs to make their living while many are looking to start their own business.
Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana is expected to help both job seekers and small traders & developing organizations in a big way. Under the scheme, the government will financial help small traders and organizations grow more and generate jobs for the youth.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Assistance under Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana
Under the scheme, the person who owns Rs. 1 Lakh is eligible to start a business worth Rs. 25 Lakh. The rest of the financial assistance will be provided by the state government. As per scheme, the government would provide 90 per cent of the margin money. Undoubtedly, this is one of the greatest features of the scheme and a reason of joy for those not able to start their own business because of lack of finance.
Sustainability of the scheme
The scheme clearly states that only the person who owns Rs. 1 Lakh is eligible to get a financial assistance of up to Rs. 25 Lakh. But, it may be difficult for the small traders, farmers, craft workers and jobless in rural areas to accumulate Rs. 1 Lakh to be eligible for the scheme. This may be considered a reason why the scheme is not sustainable at a large scale in the state. However, accumulating Rs. 1 Lakh for the residents in urban areas may not be a big thing, hence the scheme shall be more popular there.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Another reason why the scheme may not be so successful in rural areas is the lack of skills, knowledge or experience required to create and successfully run a business.
Scope of Employment Under Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana
Once the scheme is able to successfully develop small enterprises, there are vast chances that jobs will be created at different levels for the unemployed. According to some estimates, if the scheme is able to create 1000 startups each employing 50 people on average, 50000 people will get jobs. It will be a big push to the overall development of the people and the state itself.
However, the scheme is a great initiative of the state Government but to make it successful, people also need skills, knowledge and experience to create and run any kind of business. Finding people with such good skills and knowledge may be difficult may be the reason scheme may need some amendments.
Earlier the project was to be named as Chief Minister Rozgar Yojana but later it was re-christened as Samajwadi Rozgar Yojana giving it a Socialist tinge. It would be part of other Samajwadi schemes like Samajwadi Pension Yojana, Samajwadi Awas Yojana and Samajwadi Ambulance Sewa.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF

