
West Bengal govt. has increased the scope and coverage of women welfare scheme named Kanyashree Pakalpa Yojna. Now, the ceiling of Annual Family Income of the beneficiaries has been lifted. This flagship scheme of the Bengal govt. offers incentive to all the unmarried girls above the age of 13 years. These incentives will ensure that girls stay in schools and delay their marriage till the age of 18 years. Also Kanyashree University is going to be setup in the state.
This lifting of Annual Family Income Ceiling and extension of coverage of Kanyashree Prakalpa Yojna will cost the state exchequer an additional Rs. 200 crore. This announcement is made by the CM of West Bengal, Smt. Mamata Banerjee. 
The total annual expenditure which the state govt. has incurred was Rs. 1200 crore for the previous fiscal year.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Kanyashree Prakalpa Yojna – Family Income Ceiling & Details
Kanyashree Prakalpa Yojna is a flagship scheme of the WB government. This scheme was launched in FY 2013 in order to prevent child marriage particularly in economically weaker sections. Previously, only those beneficiaries whose annual family income from all sources was less than or equal to Rs. 1.2 lakh. Now this annual family income ceiling has been lifted.
All the successful applicants b/w 13 to 18 years of age will get scholarship amount of Rs. 1,000 per year. They will also get one-time grant of Rs. 25,000 after attaining the age of 18 years and on remaining unmarried till that period. This scheme is now open to anyone and everyone with no restriction on the family earning. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Smt. Mamata Banerjee said in a statement – “I am lifting the ceiling today. Everyone will stand to get the Kanyashree benefit. This will cost my government an additional Rs 200 crore but I know that they (the beneficiaries) will bring back Rs two lakh crore by preserving their respect”. Till date, there are around 50 lakh unique beneficiaries under Kanyashree Yojna.
WB Kanyashree University Notification
Setting Up of Kanyashree University
This is the dream project of CM Mamata Banerjee to setup “Kanyashree University” to ensure higher education for the girl child. In this new institution, all the Kanyashree Prakalpa beneficiaries will be granted assured admissions. Women & Child Development and Social Welfare Department will setup this Kanyashree University.
Govt. will also ensure that technical education and training department will impart special skill training to the girls. This will enable them to appear for the placement drive and secure good jobs. UN has also awarded 1st place to the WB state for its public services for its Kanyashree Scheme.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. has launched Bangla Krishi Sech Yojana to provide assistance to farmers to setup micro irrigation facilities. This scheme will ensure that farmers can cultivate their land using less amount of water. The state govt. will provide necessary help to small and marginal farmers in areas which receives less rainfall. 
WB Bangla Krishi Sech Yojana will help farmers in Jangalmahal areas, Purulia & Bankura districts which receives lesser amount of rainfall. Micro-irrigation technology will ensure cultivation of crops, especially fruits & vegetables which utilizes less water.
Agriculture Department of West Bengal had taken initiative and identified 2 artificial processes – drip irrigation and sprinkle irrigation for this purpose.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Bangla Krishi Sech Yojana for Farmers
Drip irrigation and Sprinkle irrigation are 2 important processes which will help in cultivation of more acres of land using less quantity of water. Various trials and tests proves that both these processes are helpful in cultivation of crops with lesser water consumption. CM Mamata Banerjee has received the proposal for this purpose which has now been approved in the cabinet on 12 September 2018.
It is important to note that Small & Marginal Farmers can’t bear the cost of drip irrigation and sprinkle irrigation mechanisms. Drip Irrigation mechanism costs around Rs. 70,000 and Sprinkle Irrigation mechanism will cost around Rs. 20,000 per acre of land. Farmers will get these facilities absolutely free of cost. The state govt. has allocated around Rs. 35 crore for the project.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Bangla Krishi Sech Yojana is a continuous process and thus the amount could go up later with the success of this project. Several experts will be engaged for this purpose in order to provide support to the farmers to carry out this project. Experts will develop mechanisms for individual farmers and govt. will also provide necessary support to farmers.
State govt. will make payment to experts after receiving feedback from farmers and proper scrutiny of the same.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Nijashree Housing Scheme Online Application FormList of Documents for West Bengal Nijashree Housing SchemeNijoshree Prokolpo Flats Location & Brochure DownloadNijashree Awas Yojana – Flats Price & Specifications
West Bengal govt. invites WB Nijashree Housing Scheme online application form at wbhousing.gov.in for 1 BHK and 2 BHK flats to poor people. People from lower income group (LIG) having less than Rs. 15,000 income and middle income group (MIG) having less than Rs. 30,000 income can now apply online for WB Nijoshree Prokolpo housing scheme. The state govt. has allocated Rs. 3000 crore for construction of residential units.
WB Nijashree scheme is applicable only for people whose monthly income does not exceed Rs. 30,000 per month. Initially, around 5000 flats would be distributed to LIG / MIG people in the next 2 to 3 years under Nijoshree Prokolpo Scheme. Interested candidates can apply online for Nijoshree Prokolpo Housing Scheme between 26 November 2018 to 31 December 2018.
Residents of West Bengal from LIG category can apply online for 1 BHK flat with 378 sq.ft carpet area and priced at Rs. 7.82 lakh & people from MIG category can apply online for 2 BHK flats with 559 sq.ft carpet area priced at Rs. 9.26 lakh.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Nijashree Housing Scheme Online Application Form
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for WB Nijashree Housing Scheme:-

Firstly visit the official website wbhousing.gov.in
At the homepage, click at the “Nijashree” button present on the left side of the page or directly click this link
Next, click at the “Sample Application Format” as shown in the figure below:-
WB Nijoshree Prokolpo Housing Scheme
Afterwards, download Nijashree Scheme Application Form in the PDF format which will appear as shown below:-
WB Nijashree Scheme Online Application Form
Here candidates can fill all the details correctly and must attach the supporting documents.

Applicants can collect and submit the application forms to bank branches for Nijashree between 26 November 2018 to 31 December 2018.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

List of Documents for West Bengal Nijashree Housing Scheme
Candidates must attach the following documents along with the completed application form to avail the Nijashree housing scheme benefits:-

Income Certificate (in original)
Affidavit / Declaration (Original)
Voter Card (copy)
Ration Card (copy)
Aadhaar Card (Copy)
PAN Card (copy)
Recent passport size photograph

Candidates can also submit any other document as proof of address to apply for Nijashree Prokolpo housing scheme in West Bengal.
Nijoshree Prokolpo Flats Location & Brochure Download
The flats under Nijashree housing scheme would be located in the areas of South 24 Parganas, North 24 Parganas, Hooghly, Nadia, Kolkata & Howda. Applicants must download the complete Nijashree Housing Scheme brochure to get more details about the scheme through the link given below:-
Download Nijashree Housing Scheme Brochure & Booklet
The state govt. is providing new homes at lower rates after the success of Banglar Bari Awas yojana. Nijoshree Prokolpo Awas Yojana aims to provide flats to poor people who does not have monthly income to purchase their own flats. 
Nijashree Awas Yojana – Flats Price & Specifications
The houses which are going to be allotted under the Nijashree Awas Yojana will have the following specifications:-


S.No
Type of Flats
Prices of Flats
Family Monthly Income
Carpet Area of Flats


1.
1 BHK (1 Bedroom, Hall & Kitchen)
Rs. 7.82 lakh
Upto Rs. 15,000 per month (LIG)
378 sq.ft


2.
2 BHK (2 Bedroom, Hall & Kitchen)
Rs. 9.26 lakh
Upto Rs. 30,000 per month (MIG)
559 sq.ft


Candidates can also download the Nijashree Housing Scheme Advertisement and complete the Nijashree application process as mentioned above. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal government is taking steps to bring unorganised workers under the umbrella of Social Security Scheme. The state govt. merged 5 schemes into a single Samajik Suraksha Yojana in April 2017 to provide financial assistance of Rs. 20,000 p.a for any ailment which would extend upto Rs. 60,000 for hospitalization. CM had allocated a sum of Rs. 113 crore for WB SSY Scheme.
Unorganized workers under Samajik Suraksha Yojana are entitled for provident fund when a worker attains 60 years of age. The unorganized sector is being brought under the West Bengal social security scheme to ensure that workers can avail health assistance and monetary aid for welfare and empowerment in existence.
Through this SSY scheme, all the employed unorganized sector workers can find the umbrella or security nets which are generally offered to workers in the organized sector.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Govt. to Bring Unorganized Workers under SSY
The state Labour Department of West Bengal is already undertaking a massive awareness campaign in order to bring more unorganized sector workers under the ambit of Samajik Suraksha Yojana. WB govt. has allocated Rs. 113 crore for the Social Security Scheme in seven years duration. The state govt. had previously merged 5 schemes into one scheme in the month of April of FY 2017 and had named the scheme as Samajik Suraksha Yojana (SSY).
Under this SSY scheme, all the workers in unorganized sector are getting a financial assistance of Rs. 20,000 per annum for any ailment. These workers are liable to get upto Rs. 60,000 per annum in case of hospitalization. Moreover, there is also an entitlement for PF after the worker attains the age of 60 years. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Till date, more than 1 crore people have been brought under the ambit of Samajik Suraksha Yojana. The state govt. is going to setup enrollment camps at the labour fair which is taking place in various districts of the state across the month of January 2019. The official website for Samajik Suraksha Yojana is https://www.ssy.wblabour.gov.in/
The state government of West Bengal has also released a sum of Rs. 1600 crore to provide minimum support price (MSP) to a large number of farmers. As per the target, WB govt. had to procure 50 lakh tonnes of paddy till September 2018 but the govt. has expressed its desire to buy max. amount of paddy by February 2019. 
So, the state govt. has released a sum of Rs. 1600 crore for this purpose. The govt. will issue account payee cheques to the farmers on the spot whenever the farmers visits a procurement centre to sell their produce.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


पश्चिम बंगाल वोटर लिस्ट 2020 (PDF) अब सीईओ की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट ceowestbengal.nic.in पर उपलभ्ध है, नयी मतदाता सूची में अपना नाम अपनी जानकारी या EPIC नंबर के आधार पर खोजें और वोटर ID कार्ड डाउनलोड करेंElection Commission of India had announced Lok Sabha Chunav Dates in the country. In the West Bengal state, voting for 42 seats was held in 7 phases i.e on 11th April, 18th April, 23rd April, 29th April, 6th May, 12th May and 19th May 2019. Chief Electoral Officer has published WB CEO Voter List 2020 where people can perform name search in the New PDF Electoral Roll and download Voter ID Card at ceowestbengal.nic.in
All the citizens can check their name in the district wise CEO West Bengal Voter List 2020 with Photo and download Voter ID Card. The updated WB Electoral Rolls with Photo are available in the PDF format where people can find their name in the CEO West Bengal Voters List 2020 and can Download Voter ID Card before casting their vote.
The entire PDF file of the WB Electoral Roll (Voter List) 2019-2020 is now available. Here citizens can perform manual searching in the WB Voter List 2020. Moreover, people can adopt a hassle free process and check their names online.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal CEO Voter List with Photo Download (PDF Electoral Roll 2020)
Below is the complete procedure to download the District wise CEO West Bengal Voter List 2019-2020 (Final Electoral Roll):-

Firstly, visit the official CEO West Bengal website at ceowestbengal.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Electoral Roll (Voter List)” tab or directly click at WB CEO Voter List 2020 (District Wise) link
The West Bengal PDF Electoral Roll Download page will appear as shown below:-
West Bengal CEO Voter List District Wise
Here candidates can select the district name, then assembly constituency name to view the West Bengal CEO Voters List 2019:-
CEO West Bengal Voter List 2020
Here candidates can click at “Draft Roll” in front of Polling Station name to open the WB PDF Electoral Rolls 2020:-
West Bengal Final Voter List PDF Download
Citizens can download this PDF electoral roll of West Bengal.

In this downloaded West Bengal PDF Voter List with Photo, citizens will have to find their name manually and download Voter ID Card to enable themselves to caste their important vote.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

For more details, visit the official website at http://www.ceowestbengal.nic.in/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: ceowestbengal.nic.in
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020 Apply Online FormTypes of Scholarships in WB Aikyashree SchemeWB Aikhyashree Minority Scholarship EligibilityRates of WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship
West Bengal government has launched a new Aikyashree Scheme 2020 to provide scholarship to students belonging to minority community. Fill West Bengal Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020 Online Registration / Application form at wbmdfcscholarship.in. The WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme will shoulder the burden of providing scholarship to minorities. This decision comes after half of the applications in the Bangla state were not able to secure the center’s scholarship last year. This initiative will put an additional burden of Rs. 800 crore on struggling state govt. exchequer.
The West Bengal Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020 will address the growing aspiration for education in minority communities. This scheme assumes its significance in the backdrop of ongoing agitation against Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA). The WB Aikyashree Scheme provides minority students with more avenues for socio-economic and educational mobility by extending financial support and encouragement.
WB govt. has decided to setup Aikyashree – West Bengal State Scholarships for Minority Students in West Bengal to be fully funded from the State budget from the financial year 2019-20 onwards. The West Bengal Minorities Development & Finance Corporation (WBMDFC) will be the Nodal Organization for this scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020 Apply Online Form
This WB Aikyashree Scheme assures that the state govt. of West Bengal does not discriminate between students from minority communities. Applicants can now make new WB Aikyashree Scheme registration at the official website. The complete details of the West Bengal Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020 are mentioned in the next sections. People can now apply online and fill West Bengal Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020 Online Registration / Application form and access the official website at links below:-
http://www.wbmdfcscholarship.in/
http://www.wbmdfcscholarship.gov.in/
http://www.wbmdfc.org/scholarship.php
Types of Scholarships in WB Aikyashree Scheme
There are 3 types of scholarships which would be given to students from minority communities which are as follows:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Pre Matric Scholarship – For meritorious students from Class 1st to Class 10th. The main objective is to encourage minority community to send their children to school and to reduce drop out rate.
Post Matric Scholarship – For meritorious minority students from Class 11th to Ph.D. This scheme will encourage students to continue pursuit of higher education.
Merit-cum-Means Scholarship – For minority students pursuing technical & professional courses. This scheme is to support students to pursue professional and technical studies and thereby raising their employment potential.

WB Aikhyashree Minority Scholarship Eligibility
The candidates must follow the following eligibility criteria to become eligible for Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme 2020:-

For Pre-matric and Post matric Scholarship –

Applicant must be a domicile of West Bengal.
Students must be studying in a School/ Institution recognized by an educational Board/ Council/ University of the State/ Central Government.
He / She must have secured at-least 50% marks or equivalent grade in the previous final examination.
The total annual family income from all sources must not exceed Rs. 2 lakh p.a
Those students who are studying in institutes outside West Bengal will not be eligible for pre-matric or post-matric scholarship.


For Merit Cum Means Scholarship –

Applicants must be domicile of West Bengal.
He / She must have got admission in technical / professional course.
Student must have secured at-least 50% marks in last higher secondary / graduation examinations.
The total annual family income from all sources must not exceed Rs. 2.5 lakh p.a
The students who are residents of West Bengal but pursuing studies in listed institutions located outside West Bengal, as may be notified from time to time by the West Bengal Minorities Development and Finance Corporation, are also eligible for applying.



Rates of WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship
The proposed rates for WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme are shown here:-
WB Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Rates
The eligible students will get Aikyashree scholarships in order of merit and subject to the budgetary allocation by WB government. For renewal, the applicant will be eligible for the scholarship if he/she has obtained 50% marks in his/her previous examination. The applications will be received online through a portal designed for this purpose. The applications will be verified by the Nodal Teachers of the respective School. The selection will be made as per the eligibility criteria and the disbursement will be made through Direct Bank Transfer (DBT) mode. To check the conditions, click at the link http://wbmdfcscholarship.in/main/guidelines
In 2019-2020, state administration sent 32 lakh applications from West Bengal for central scholarship for minority students. But the central govt. only sanctioned 16 lakh scholarships. Half of the total applications for central scheme were left out as students did not qualify for eligibility of 50% marks in previous examination. The WB state govt. has asked about the data of these students from central govt. but received no response. So, the state govt. has decided to launch Aikyashree Scheme from 2020 year and seek applications from minority category students.
Under the WB Aikyashree Scheme 2020, the state govt. has already received around 42 lakh applications from minority students. The state authorities had carried out intensive campaign to make Aikyashree Scheme successful. Moreover, WB state govt. has not fixed any specific criteria other than family income limit to apply for Aikyashree Minority Scholarship Scheme.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: http://www.wbmdfc.org/scholarship.php, http://www.wbmdfcscholarship.in/, http://www.wbmdfcscholarship.gov.in/
SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal government has launched Bina Mulya Samajik Suraksha Yojana 2020 in the recent budget speech. Around 7.5 crore people in WB state will reap the benefits of this new free social security scheme. All the landless labourers would be included as beneficiaries of BMSS. All the unorganized sector beneficiaries will get benefits of samajik suraksha on attaining the age of 60 years under WB Free Social Security Scheme.
The Finance department has allotted Rs. 500 crore in the FY 2020-21 for smooth running of West Bengal Bina Mulya Samajik Suraksha Yojana 2020. Now all the beneficiaries are not required to pay any premium for this scheme.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee also highlighted some of the new schemes like Hasir Alo, Bandhu Prakalpa, Jai Johar and Chai Sundari schemes.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Bina Mulya Samajik Suraksha Yojana
The West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee requested Finance Minister to include landless labourers as beneficiaries under Bina Mulya Samajik Suraksha Yojana (BMSS). Till date, there are 1.18 crore families which are enrolled under the Samajik Suraksha Yojana (SSY). The number will soon go upto 1.5 crore. In case there are 5 members in every family, the total number of beneficiaries would go upto 7.5 crore. All the poor people belonging to various unorganized sectors would be able to get Provident Fund (PF) and other benefits on attaining the age of 60 years.
Poor people will have to pay single penny from their pockets. Previously, people needs to pay Rs. 25 per month while govt. used to contribute Rs. 30 for each beneficiary. The govt. has announced that there is no longer need to pay premium as govt. will bear entire cost. In case of death of beneficiaries, the family members would receive Rs. 2 lakh. In case someone gets disabled, each beneficiary will receive Rs. 1 lakh.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

CM has requested Finance and Labour dept. to make premium completely free as poor people belonging to unorganized sectors were facing difficulty in paying Rs. 25 per month. The CM also urges Finance Minister to bring landless labourers under Bina Mulya Samajik Suraksha Yojana.
WB Jai Johar, Bandhu Prakalpa, Hasir Alo & Chai Sundari Schemes
Various other schemes were also launched in West Bengal Budget 2020-2021:-
Hasir Alo – In this scheme, around 35 lakh people would be able to avail free electricity in their house if the consumption is upto 75 units on quarterly basis. In case, the poor family uses an electrical lamp and fan prudently, then consumption will not exceed 75 units on quarterly basis. Rs. 200 crore has already been allocated for Hasir Alo Scheme.Chaa Sundari – This scheme will provide housing facilities to tea garden workers. Rs. 500 crore has been allocated for Chaa Sundari Scheme.Bandhu Prakalpa Scheme – SC category people who are not receiving any pension from any agency will get Rs. 1,000 per month as pension. This pension would be given on attaining the age of 60 years.Jai Johar Scheme – ST category people who does not receive any pension from any agency will now get Rs. 1,000 per month as pension. The pension amount would be given on attaining the age of 60 years.
The West Bengal govt. has also increased gratuity from Rs. 6 lakh to 123 lakh and home allowance from Rs. 6,000 to Rs. 12,000.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: http://www.millenniumpost.in/kolkata/75-crore-people-will-reap-benefits-of-bina-mulya-samajik-suraksha-400703
SAVE AS PDF


पश्चिम बंगाल सरकार ने लांच की बांग्ला शहश्या बीमा योजना 2019, अब किसी भी किसान लाभार्थी की फसल ख़राब होने पर किसानों को मिलेगा फसल बीमा स्कीम का लाभ, प्रीमियम भी नहीं देना होगाWest Bengal government has announced to launch a new Bangla Shashya Bima Yojana for farmers. WB state govt. will provide crop insurance to farmers for the Kharif 2019 season under this Bangla Sashya Bima (BSB) Scheme. In the 1st phase, the scheme would remain applicable in 15 districts and the number of districts to be increased in the next (2nd) phase.
Bangla Shashya Bima Scheme 2019 is to be launched in collaboration with the Agriculture Insurance Company (AIC) of India. Farmers will not have to pay any premium amount to avail the bangla sasya bima scheme benefits. On behalf of the farmers, the state govt. will bear the bangla shasya bima crop insurance premium. 
All the Bangla Sashya Bima Scheme beneficiaries would be paid insurance in 4 stages and the amount would be calculated per hectare.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Bangla Shashya Bima Scheme 2019 (Crop Insurance)
Here are the important features and highlights of Bangla Sasya Bima (BSB) Scheme:-

Type of Scheme – Bangla Sashya Bima Scheme is a crop insurance scheme for farmers.
Company to Provide Insurance – Agriculture Insurance Company of India.
Districts Covered – Darjeeling, Kalimpong, Purba Bardhaman, Paschim Bardhaman, Purba Medinipur, Malda, Hooghly, Nadia, Murshidabad, Cooch Behar, Birbhum, Purulia, Dakshin Dinajpur, North 24 Parganas and South 24 Parganas.
Premium Amount – Free of cost for farmers as WB state govt. will pay full premium
Crops Covered for Insurance – BSB scheme in West Bengal to cover aman paddy, aus paddy, jute and maize.
Eligible Beneficiaries – All farmers taking loans (granted / applied for) and even those not taking loans can avail Bangla Shasya Bima Scheme insurance benefits.
Stages for Payment of Insurance – Under West Bengal Bangla Shashya Bima Yojana, the insurance would be paid in 4 stages as mentioned below:-

For any losses suffered during planting
Losses suffered during cultivation
The losses occurred during the period post-cutting when crops are lying in the field
Losses caused due to adverse weather situations.


Amount Calculation – The state govt. of West Bengal will decide the amount of insurance which would be calculated on per hectare basis.

This BSB crop insurance scheme will enable farmers to cover up their losses in case their crops gets damaged due to any reason. The state govt. wants to raise the annual income of the farmers and to enable them to lead a life of dignity and honour.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Farmers plays a very important role in the GDP of the state as well of the entire country. So, the state govt. is focusing on raising their living standards which will ensure higher GDP in the coming years.
Furthermore, West Bengal govt. wants to reduce the suicide rate of farmers which occurs when farmers suffers from losses in agriculture. West Bengal Bangla Shashya Scheme will also prevent farmers from falling into debt trap.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/agriculture/west-bengal-launches-free-crop-insurance-scheme-for-farmers/articleshow/69985239.cms
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Employment Bank Yuvasree Waiting List DownloadView Your Name under Yuvasree – Check Enrollment StatusView Status In Final Waiting List of WB Yuvashree SchemeAnnexure 1 – WB Yuvasree Application FormWB Employment Exchange (Field) Offices ListReferences
The second (2nd) waiting list of West Bengal Yuvasree Scheme has been generated and published in the homepage of Employment Bank website employmentbankwb.gov.in. This WB Employment Bank Yuvasree Scheme final waiting list is available under the “View Yuvasree Waiting list” section. All the jobseekers who have been provisionally identified for this waiting list under “Yuvasree-2013” are requested to submit online Annexure I in the Employment Bank (Submit Annexure 1) link.
Candidates need to submit the printout (Online Submitted Annexure I) and filled Annexure 2 to concerned employment exchange office within 11 November to 27 December 2019 for validation. West Bengal Employment Bank Yuvasree New List is now available at official employmentbankwb.gov.in. Moreover, Yuvashree Scheme Application Form (Annexure II) are available at employment bank website.
Only those candidates who fulfills the conditions of Yuvasree Scheme will get its benefits. People can now Submit Annexure I, view status for enrollment (view your name in Yuvashree), view Yuvashree Waiting List and view final status in final waiting list of Yuvasree.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Employment Bank Yuvasree Waiting List Download
Here is the process to download the WB Employment Bank Yuvasree Waiting List 2019:-

Firstly visit the official website at employmentbankwb.gov.in
At the homepage, click at the “View Yuvasree Waiting List” option as shown below:-
View Yuvasree Waiting List 2
Then the Yuvashree Scheme New Waiting List will be downloaded where you can check your name.

View Your Name under Yuvasree – Check Enrollment Status
Here is the process to check status for enrollment under Yuvashree Arpan Scheme:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


Visit the same official website of WB Employment Bank at employmentbankwb.gov.in
Then click at the “View Status for Enrollment and Yuvasree” link or directly click this link
At the new page, you can view your name under Yuvasree Scheme as shown below:-
View Name Yuvasree Enrollment Status
Here candidates can enter “Jobseeker ID“, security code and then click at “Submit” button to check your name in Yuvasree Scheme.

View Status In Final Waiting List of WB Yuvashree Scheme
To check their status in the waiting list of Yuvasree Scheme, candidates can click at the “View Status in Final Waiting List of Yuvasree” link at employment bank website homepage. Moreover, candidates can even view their serial number in Yuvashree Scheme waiting list through the link given below:-

https://employmentbankwb.gov.in/check_annx3_waiting.php
Serial Number Yuvasree Waiting List

Annexure 1 – WB Yuvasree Application Form
The annexure 1 has to filled online by the job seekers who have been identified in the waiting list of Yuvashree Scheme. The direct link to fill Annexure 1 is given below:-

https://employmentbankwb.gov.in/annuxure1_login.php
WB Yuvashree Scheme Jobseeker Login

WB Employment Exchange (Field) Offices List
The complete list of Employment Exchange offices present in West Bengal can be downloaded through the link:-
https://employmentbankwb.gov.in/download_adv.php?file=UlhoamFHRnVaMlZNYVhOMExuQmtaZz09
References
— Special helpline for Yuvasree – 033 – 2237 6300 (From Monday to Friday during office hours only)





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://employmentbankwb.gov.in/
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Swayangsiddha Scheme – Mission & Extension in all DistrictsRole of Swayangsiddha Group Members to Combat Human Trafficking & Child MarriageTopics & Celebration Days – West Bengal Swayangsiddha Scheme
West Bengal govt. is going to extend Swayangsiddha Scheme to all districts of the state. Swayangsiddha means self-reliance and this scheme aims to combat human trafficking and prevent child marriage. In this initiative by WB Police, young boys and girls will be empowered with knowledge and skills to make them aware, alert, able and less vulnerable to violations and abuse of rights. Check details of Swangsiddha initiative at swayangsiddha.org 
Firstly Swayangsiddha Scheme was launched by the police in South 24 Parganas district. Various Swayangsiddha Groups have been formed in schools and colleges comprising of interested students of district especially b/w age group of 12 to 21 years. Child Protection Committee monitor and provide guidance to these groups. 
In 1 district only, around 3,862 students have formed Swayangsiddha groups. Among these, around 69% are girls and 31% are boys who shares information on human trafficking, child rights & ill effects of child marriage. After the successful implementation in South 24 Parganas district, govt. will extend this scheme to other districts. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Swayangsiddha Scheme – Mission & Extension in all Districts
The objectives and mission of this Swayangsiddha Scheme in West Bengal are as follows:-

To raise awareness on human, gender, child rights and strengthen prevention of human trafficking and child marriage with converging approach.
Engagement of youth from different schools and colleges to combat human trafficking and prevent child marriage.
To strengthen response mechanism along with Police and child protection committees to make safe community.
Providing appropriate education, training, livelihood and food security to vulnerable groups.

Formation of Swayangsiddha Committee (Block & District level) – At block Level, Child Protection Committee conducts meetings 2 times in 1 month presided over by BDO to ensure that children from vulnerable families get necessary facilities. Shikshabandhu, Paralegal volunteers, Anwesha Clinic Counsellor, members of Panchayat / Wards provides cooperation to the Committee.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

A district level meeting will be organized under the leadership of DM/ADM in every 3 months duration. This meeting will address various issues through discussion. Best performing Swayangsiddha Group would be felicitated after 1 year by the district administration and the police. Now this scheme will be extended in all the districts.
Role of Swayangsiddha Group Members to Combat Human Trafficking & Child Marriage
The members of these groups takes place in the following activities:-

Mapping of natural resources of villages and to raise awareness in the community on rich cultural significance of their respective areas.
Cultural Map would be prepared to display the cultural tradition in the village and list of folk art & artists would be prepared to provide info. about human resources in villages.
List of families vulnerable to child marriage, human trafficking and illiterate families would be prepared and submitted to Child Protection Committee. The committee would then link these families to various government schemes and would prevent any illegal activity from happening.
Maintaining a list of illiterate people and school dropouts in nearby villages and will have to submit this list to schools and Panchayat.
Holding discussion sessions on the issues of human trafficking and child marriage in schools after prayer session. Celebrations of important days in schools to raise awareness.
Organizing activities like poster drawing, wall-painting, wall-writing, cultural programmes, street play, candle vigil, cycle rally etc.

Swayangsiddha Groups submits their activity reports once in every 2 months duration. They shares their reports through mobiles or computers with assistance from nominated teachers to police. Till date, on the basis of information received, around 20 child marriages have been stopped.
Topics & Celebration Days – West Bengal Swayangsiddha Scheme
Various days are celebrated under WB Swayangsiddha Scheme which are as follows:-


12 January
National Youth Day


8 March
International Women’s Day


9 June
Child Protection Day


12 June
World Day Against Child Labour


30 July
World Day Against Trafficking in Persons


18 August
Kanyashree Day


11 October
International Day of Girl Child


14 November
Children’s Day


20 November
Child Rights Day


The topics which are covered by the members of Swayansiddha Groups includes Human, gender and child rights, Shared social and cultural values making up identity of community, Entitlements under various state and central government schemes, Pitfalls of child marriage and child labour, adverse effects of human trafficking. For more details, visit the official website http://www.swayangsiddha.org/





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal government has announced 3 new schemes in the WB Budget 2020-2021 presented on 10 February 2020. These schemes are Bandhu Prakalpa Pension Scheme for scheduled caste, Hasir Alo Free Electricity Scheme for poor & Jai Johar Pension Scheme for Adivasi & other ST. These 3 welfare schemes in WB state will benefit nearly 42 lakh people. Mamata Banerjee led West Bengal govt. has presented 2,55,677 crore Budget for FY 2020-21. West Bengal GDP is 10.4 which is nearly twice that of national average.
Till date, the West Bengal state govt. had generated 9,11,000 employment opportunities. SC community would be benefited from Bandu Prakalpa Pension Scheme, poor people will benefit from Hasir Alo free electricity scheme while ST category people would be benefited from Jai Johar Scheme.
Here we are providing you the complete details of Bandhu Prakalpa, Hasir Alo and Jai Johar Scheme in West Bengal.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Bandhu Prakalpa, Hasir Alo, Jai Johar Scheme
Below are the complete details of schemes launched in West Bengal Budget 2020-2021:-

Bandhu Prakalpa Scheme – SC community people above 60 years of age who does not get pension from any agency will be given Rs. 1,000 pension. The Bandhu Prakalpa Pension Scheme will benefit 4 lakh Scheduled caste category people. West Bengal govt. has allocated Rs. 2,500 crore for the Bandhu Prakalpa Scheme.
Hasir Alo Scheme – Under Hasir Alo Scheme, WB govt. will provide free electricity for consumers with quarterly consumption upto 75 units. The scheme Hasir Alo Free Electricity Scheme will benefit 35 lakh poor families. The state government has proposed allocation of Rs. 200 crore for this scheme.
Jai Johar Scheme – This is a pension scheme, under which people over sixty years of age belonging to the Adivasi and other scheduled tribe (ST) communities, and not covered under any other pension scheme, would get a monthly pension of Rs 1,000. Rs 500 crore has been allocated for the FY 2020-21, which is expected to benefit about four lakh people.
West Bengal govt. is going to open 3 more universities for which 50 crore has been allocated.
WB govt. has announced setting up of 100 new MSME parks across the state in the next 3 years to generate employment for which Rs. 200 crore has been allocated.
WB govt. has proposed agricultural income tax waiver for tea gardens for the next two fiscal years i.e FY 2021 and FY 2022.
Mahatma Gandhi Civil Service Academy, Jai Hind Civil Service Academy and Azad Civil Service Academies would be set up.

WB Finance Minister said that in FY 2019-20, central devolution was 11,213 crores, Grants were 37,973 crore while GST compensation was 1,300 crore. Accordingly, the central govt. has denied Rs. 50,486 crore to West Bengal. In addition to this, central govt. had denied Rs. 38,000 crore to West Bengal state. Thus the total denied amount by central govt. to West Bengal stands at Rs. 89,000 crore.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});







(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.freepressjournal.in/india/west-bengal-govt-announces-rs-255677-crore-budget-for-fy21-here-are-the-highlights
SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. has launched a new Nijoshree Prokolpo Housing Scheme 2019. Under this scheme, govt. is providing 1BHK & 2 BHK Flats to people who are earning less than Rs. 30,000 monthly. WB Govt. will provide 1 BHK houses priced at just Rs. 7.82 lakh & 2 BHK Houses at Rs. 9.26 lakh. The state govt. is inviting Nijashree housing scheme online application forms through a dedicated portal wbhousing.gov.in
Initially, there will be 50,000 flats on offer under this housing project. The state govt. will complete this housing project within the upcoming 2 or 3 years. A single applicant can apply only once for a single flat either it is 1 BHK or 2 BHK as per their eligibility. 
Latest Update – WB Nijashree Housing Scheme Online Application Form available at wbhousing.gov.in. Apply online for 1 BHK & 2 BHK flats under Nijoshree Prokolpo housing scheme 2018-19.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The online registrations for 1 BHK & 2 BHK flats for people earning less than 15,000 or Rs. 30,000 p.m respectively have been started from 26 November 2018 to 31 December 2018. Lower & Middle Income Group people can apply online by filling the online application form & making registration for new home. 
West Bengal Nijoshree Prokolpo Housing Scheme Eligibility & Details
Under the Nijoshree Housing Scheme 2018, there are 2 categories of residential flats available for those with monthly income less than Rs. 30,000. One are those flats with 1 bedroom and others have 2 bedrooms. The complete description and eligibility for 1 BHK & 2 BHK flats are as follows:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});


1 BHK Flats – People with monthly income upto Rs. 15,000 (LIG category) can now apply for 1 Bedroom, 1 Hall and 1 Kitchen houses with carpet area of 378 sq.ft. The price of 1 BHK Flats is fixed at Rs. 7.82 lakhs.
2 BHK Flats – People earning between 15,000 to 30,000 can apply for 2 Bedrooms, 2 Halls & 2 Kitchen homes with carpet area of 559 sq.ft. All the 2 BHK Flats will cost Rs. 9.26 lakhs.

All the flats would be built on the land available with different bodies and developmental authorities of the government. People from those sections whose monthly incomes (earnings) are not so high to purchase their own accommodations near the city will get hugely benefited from this scheme. 
Candidates can apply online for Nijoshree Prokolpo housing scheme at wbhousing.gov.in. Candidates can download Nijashree Scheme brochure and can also download Nijoshree prokolpo application form through the official website. 
The state govt. has taken this decision to implement a new housing project after the success of its previous ‘Banglar Bari’ Scheme. Banglar Bari was a rehabilitation scheme where slum dwellers of Kolkata & other municipalities would be given a flat each. 
Other Decisions in Cabinet Meeting
The other important decisions taken in the cabinet meeting are as follows:-

West Bengal govt. has approved the proposed initiative of supplying green fuel to greater Kolkata within the next 5 years.
GAIL and Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation Ltd (GCGSCL) will work together for Calcutta Gas Supply Project to families residing in South 24 Parganas and North 24 Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly, Nadia and Kolkata.
All the families would then receive gas supply at reasonable rates. Govt. will work to setup network of pipelines to supply green fuel and will try to supply it to the areas under Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority.

Cabinet Committee has also decided to upgrade 10,357 sub-centres to health and wellness centres in the state. Moreover, govt. will recruit around 5,200 grade II category nurses.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. has launched Janamanashe Mental Health Awareness Scheme for everyone in collaboration with an NGO. Women from self help groups (SHGs) and ably aided mental health specialists are running this scheme. These women are being provided training by clinical psycologists and various small groups are being placed in charge of specific areas in municipal towns and cities.
Women who are running this Janamanashe mental awareness scheme are going house to house to create mass awareness about this scheme. The main aim is to know the mental status of the residents in order to identify and tackle the brain related problems. 
As per the reports of the health department officials, this scheme will cover the entire state within next 1 and half years.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Janamanashe Mental Health Awareness Scheme
Specially trained women from SHGs and various mental health specialists would run this mental health awareness scheme. They will make visits house to house and chat with the family members as most of the people are not keen to discuss about their mental status or admit to have mental problems. 
This chatting will enable the women to know about the mental health of the residents and to identify any problem that may exist. A database of residents is going to be created which will enable counselling of people to make them aware of the need for treatment. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Now, here is the second part of the work under Janamanashe Mental Health Awareness Scheme. On certain days, govt. will organize various sessions at municipal buildings under mental health specialists. It can be the lack of attention in children for one day while it would be constant unwillingness to work on other day. 

Bangla Govt launches mental health awareness scheme – Janamanashe | মানসিক স্বাস্থ্য প্রকল্পে এ বার স্বনির্ভর মহিলারা | https://t.co/c0p1DGPDF3 pic.twitter.com/uWtd6hAs1Z
— All India Trinamool Congress (@AITCofficial) October 5, 2018

The women from SHGs who already posses a database of the issues would make visits to people before each session. These people comes under the jurisdiction of who needs treatment or counselling and convince them to attend sessions.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Didi Ke Bolo Online Complaint RegistrationDidi Ke Bolo Contact NumberReferences
Keeping in mind the upcoming assembly elections in West Bengal in 2021, the state govt. has launched a new Didi Ke Bolo Portal. CM Mamata Banerjee herself has started this campaign in order to reach out to people. A new Didi Ke Bolo contact number 9137091370 and website www.didikebolo.com has been started. People can now fill campaign online registration / contact form at the official website.
People can now check the contact number and raise their complaint / problem at the 9137091370 phone number. This is the 1st initiative announced by the Trinamool Congress after roping in poll strategist Prashant Kishor. More than 1,000 Trinamool Congress leaders would start heading towards Bengal villages over the next 100 days. This is to be done as part of the TMC first major programme ahead of the assembly elections.
The main focus of this campaign is on strengthening the party’s connect at the grassroot level, what was once its stronghold.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Didi Ke Bolo Online Complaint Registration
Below is the complete procedure to make online complaint registration for the WB Didi Ke Bolo Campaign:-
Firstly visit the official website at didikebolo.comAt the homepage, Didi Ke Bolo Campaign Online Registration / Application Form will appear as shown below:-
Didi Ke Bolo Registration Contact Form
After making registration, people can get directly connected to the CM herself.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Now people can register their opinion, problem and any other issue at this Didi Ke Bolo Portal. This campaign will allow people of West Bengal to connect to CM Mamata Banerjee directly. The new website www.didikebolo.com will provide a platform to people to voice their concerns.
Didi Ke Bolo Contact Number
Didi Ke Bolo Contact number is 9137091370 where anyone can call during the day time.
You can also follow Didi Ke Bolo on the social media and can contact there as well through the messages or comments
 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DidiKeBolo/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/DidiKeBolo
Instagram: https://instagram.com/didikebolo/
The TMC party leaders will visit villages to boost morale of booth workers, influential people in the area. Moreover, these leaders will listen to those people who voice grievances or raise concerns.
The BJP’s rise in Bengal is a grave concern for the TMC party, especially after its resounding win in the general elections, where it won 18 of 42 seats. The Trinamool lost 12 seats and bagged only 22, so CM wants to raise its tally to the previous number or even more than that.
CM Mamata Banerjee is ready to fight back and make comeback by targeting to win back her rural support by resolving the issues of extortion at the local level and corruptions. She had also urged party leaders to get down to the block level and work for the people.
References
Check Contact Number of Didi – 9137091370Official website – didikebolo.com





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: https://www.didikebolo.com/
SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2020 Online Registration Form & LoginDeath Benefit Notification & Application Form DownloadWB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2019-2020 – Assured Income & Death Benefit
West Bengal Krishak Bandhu online registration and login process for farmers has begun at the official website matirkatha.net. Under WB Krishak Bandu Scheme 2020, there are 2 components – Assured Income and Death Benefit. Farmers can fill WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2019-2020 online registration form and make login to apply online to avail assured income scheme and death benefits. 
Under this WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme, govt. will provide Rs. 5000 per acre per annum to farmers including share croppers in 2 equal installments. The state govt. will also provide Rs. 2 lakh compensation on death of farmers. 1st installment under Krishak Bandhu Scheme is to be paid in the month of June for Kharif Crops and 2nd installment is to be given in the month of November. 
The death benefit scheme was effective from 1 January 2019 and farmers can now apply online by filling the online registration / application form for WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2020 Online Registration Form & Login
Below is the complete procedure to apply online for WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2020:-

Firstly visit the official website matirkatha.net
At the homepage, click at the “Krishak Bandhu” tab as shown below:-
West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Yojana Apply Online
On the newly opened page, candidates can click at the “Krishak Bandhu Sign In” tab as shown below to make sign in and subsequent registration:-
WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme Online Registration Login
After clicking this link, the WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme Login Window will appear as shown below:-
West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme Login
Here click at the “Sign Up” option and then the West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme online registration form will appear as shown below:-
West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme Online Registration Form
Here candidates can fill all the necessary details accurately and submit the completed registration form.

Finally, the candidates will get username and password which is essential for West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Login.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Death Benefit Notification & Application Form Download
All the candidates can also Download Death Benefit Notification to get information about the death benefit component of Krishak Bandhu Scheme in West Bengal.
The state govt. is also inviting West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme application forms for death benefits. The direct link to download the application forms for death benefit is given below:-

West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Death Benefit Application Form (English)
WB Krishak Bandhu Death Benefit Application Form (Bengal)
The application form for death benefits under Krishak Bandhu Scheme of West Bengal will appear as follows:-
West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Death Benefit Application Form

For more details, visit the official website at http://matirkatha.net/departmental-circulars/ 
WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2019-2020 – Assured Income & Death Benefit
There are 2 components under West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme which have been described below:-

Assured Income – The state govt. has introduced an assured financial assistance to all farmers and farm household families under a single benefit scheme. It is a single digitized card based identity to all farmers of West Bengal. Direct benefit of this scheme includes 2 further components:-

Farmers with 1 or more acre landholding are entitled to get Rs. 5000 p.a for both Rabi & Kharif Seasons. 1st installment will be provided in the month of June and 2nd installment will be provided in the month of November.
Also farmers would be given minimum assistance of Rs. 2000 per annum on pro-rata basis.


Death Benefit – Under this death benefit scheme, the families of the farmers would be facilitated with a lumpsum amount of Rs. 2 lakh including suicide. All the farmers whose age is in between 18 to 60 years can avail new insurance policy benefits. The death benefit scheme is effective from 1st January 2019.

The personalized authenticated DOA specified database of the farmers is captured digitally and is stored in Krishak Bandhu cloud. This data is analysed and digitally verified with L&LR database synchronization by DOA officers. 
This system verified authenticated data will be shared with State & District Co-Operative Banks by DOA for direct benefit disbursement. Moreover, the state govt. will also give personalised Krishak Bandhu Digital Smart Card to farmers to authenticate beneficiaries for all further govt assistance in future. For more details, check the West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme Details. Around 72 lakh farmers and farm laborers are going to be benefited from this scheme.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

West Bengal Special Pension Scheme – DetailsWB Pension Status EnquiryReferences
West Bengal govt. has approved a special pension scheme to benefit more than 3 lakh pensioners. Subsequently, govt. will provide all necessary funds under this Bengal New Pension Scheme to benefit mainly senior citizens, widow, disabled people. Accordingly, all the people who are losing their pension after new guidelines by the Central govt. will get benefited. Interested candidates can apply online through the official wb pension portal wbepension.gov.in
Directorate of Pension, Provident Fund and Group insurance is the implementing agency for this new pension scheme. The primary objective is to extend the benefit of e-governance to the pensioners of recognized non governmental aided institutions, Panchayat, Municipality etc.
Under this scheme, around 3.25 lakh people who are going to lose their pension as per the west bengal pension order can apply for this Special Pension Scheme to continue receiving pension.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Special Pension Scheme – Details
Under National Social Assistance Programme (NSAP), several crore people across the country receive financial aid (pension) from the Central government. These pensioners includes mainly Senior Citizens, Widows, Person’s with Disabilities (PWDs). In NSAP Scheme, West Bengal quota of persons is 21.31 lakh. However, the eligible number of pensioners in West Bengal are 23.4 lakh.
West Bengal govt. is consistently making efforts to resolve this issue with the central govt. but has got no response. Moreover as per the new guidelines of Central govt. around 1.15 lakh people in the rural areas are also going to lose their pension. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

So, West Bengal govt. has decided to launch a new scheme of its own to benefit around 3.25 lakh people. Under this scheme, state govt. will provide all the funds. Moreover, West Bengal govt. has directed all the Panchayats to make list of people who are losing their pension. After the list is prepared, govt. will enroll them under the Bengal Special Pension Scheme. Thus, these people will continue receiving pension from govt.
Furthermore, govt. will set up a grievance redressal system to ensure benefit of financial aid goes to the pensioners. 
WB Pension Status Enquiry
All the eligible pensioners can check the status of their Pension through the link given below:-
WB Pension Status Enquiry for Pensioners
Moreover, all the pensioners can download the DSC User manual in the PDF Format to get registered. For all the Step by step instruction, please click the link – DSC User Manual Download (PDF)
References
— To see the latest Pension Revision by the Central govt., please click link – Latest Pension Revision
— Furthermore for more information on the West Bengal Pension, visit the wb e pension portal wbepension.gov.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. has launched WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme for farmers starting from January 2019. Under this scheme, the state govt. will provide Rs. 5,000 per acre every year to farmers in 2 installments. In 2nd scheme, govt. will provide crop insurance where premium will be paid by the state government. 
Moreover, the state govt. will grant compensation of Rs. 2 lakh to the kin of farmers who die due to any reason including suicide. WB CM Smt. Mamata Banerjee has announced these 2 schemes namely crop insurance & Krishak Bandhu Scheme on 1 January 2019 to immensely benefit farmers and farm laborers in the state. 
Latest Update – West Bengal Krishak Bandhu Scheme Online Application Form



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Krishak Bandhu means friend of farmers and this is an investment support scheme to ensure welfare of farmers. The CM said that the state govt. has already waived off tax on agricultural land.
WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2019 – Rs. 5,000 / Acre for Farmers
Now each farmer in the state of West Bengal is entitled to get Rs. 5,000 per year per acre under WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2019. This amount would be provided to the farmers in 2 equal installments i.e for Kharif & Rabi crops. As another initiative, WB govt. will also pay the premium under crop insurance scheme. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

All the farmers in the age group of 18 to 60 years can avail new insurance policy benefits. In this insurance policy, farmers will get grant of Rs. 2 lakh per family in case of death of farmers including suicide. Both these schemes for the welfare of schemes would be implemented by the agriculture department to benefit around 72 lakh farm and farm labourers. 
WB Krishak Bandhu Scheme 2019 online application / registration form will be available from the next month i.e February onward. Applications would be invited at a separate dedicated portal or at the official government’s website. As soon as the application process will start, we will update it here. 

Mamata Banerjee’s New Year gift for farmers – Krishak Bandhu| নতুন বছরে কৃষকদের জন্য মমতা বন্দ্যোপাধ্যায়ের উপহার – কৃষক বন্ধু প্রকল্প| https://t.co/QSQQseSsr9 pic.twitter.com/ejObmFNp2h
— All India Trinamool Congress (@AITCofficial) January 1, 2019

Despite financial burden, the state govt. starts these 2 new schemes for the welfare of farmers. Moreover, the state govt. has also waived tax on the agricultural land belonging to farmers. Currently, the state govt. is paying around 80% while central govt. pays only 20% of the insurance payout to provide crop insurance to farmers. CM rejects the claims of PM Narendra Modi of paying the entire crop insurance amount to the farmers.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Rupashree Prakalpa Application Form DownloadRupashree Prakalpa – Eligibility CriteriaList of Required Documents for Rupashree SchemeObjectives & Benefits of Rupashree Prakalpa
West Bengal govt. has launched Rupashree Scheme for girls above 18 years of age. All the girls will now get a one time financial assistance of Rs. 25,000 at the time of their marriage. This scheme will help around 6 lakh girls belonging to economically weaker families with total outlay of Rs. 1500 crore. WB govt. has released the application forms and any adolescent girl can perform Rupashree Prakalpa Application Form Download to avail benefits. 
This is a major initiative of the state govt. after Kanyashree, Yuvashree and Sabuj Sathi Scheme of WB government. All the girls whose family annual income from all sources is less than Rs. 1.5 lakh can avail this marriage assistance. 
This scheme will help poor families who borrow a huge sum at interest for the marriage of daughters and thus are forced to live in depression.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Rupashree Prakalpa Application Form Download
Just like other marriage assistance schemes, WB govt. can soon open a dedicated portal for the submission of rupashree scheme online application form. However till then, the forms are available through offline mode. All the candidates can read the eligibility criteria and every applicant must fulfill it. Afterwards, eligible applicants can download rupashree prakalpa application form in pdf format through the link given below:-
Rupashree Prakalpa Application Form (PDF)


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Rupashree application form will appear as follows:-
WB Rupashree Prakalpa Application Form Download
These application forms are also available at the Municipality Office or from BDO office or SDO Office. All the applicants are required to submit the filled in application form before the date of marriage and then submit it BDO or municipality office. Accordingly, WB govt. will credit Rs. 25000 directly into the bank account of the applicant.
Rupashree Prakalpa – Eligibility Criteria
The candidates must fulfill the following eligibility criteria to fill get financial assistance:-

All the applicant girls whose marriage is going to take place must have attained 18 years of age.
The annual family income must not exceed Rs. 1.5 lakh.
All the applicants must be a permanent resident of West Bengal.
There is no minimum qualification necessary to avail marriage assistance.

List of Required Documents for Rupashree Scheme
As the application process is offline so the candidates must attach the following documents with the completed rupashree prakalpa application form:-


List of Documents


D.O.B Proof
Id Proof


All details of Bride & Bridegroom
Marriage Invitation Card


Declaration Copy of Bride about Marriage
Bank Account Details


After attaching the documents, submit the completed application form to the BDO, SDO or Municipality Office. All the concerned authorities will verify the given information and then will pass the application.
All the selected / passed applications will get entitled to the receipt of Rupashree assistance directly into their bank accounts before 1 week of marriage.
Objectives & Benefits of Rupashree Prakalpa
WB govt. has decided the complete roll-out of Rupashree Prakalpa which has the following benefits:-

Rupashree Scheme will bring reduction in Child Marriage.
This scheme will reduce the burden of marriage expenses of parents of girl child by giving one time assistance for marriage of their daughters.
All such schemes like Kanyashree, Rupashree will increase the education rate of girl child.
WB govt. has made a budgetary allocation of Rs. 1500 crore for this scheme.






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

West Bengal Yuvashree Arpan Scheme 2019WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Application FormWB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Eligibility CriteriaWB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Details
West Bengal govt. has launched Yuvashree Arpan Scheme 2019 to generate employment opportunities for youths. Under this new scheme, every youth interested in starting their own business will get financial assistance from the state govt. to setup an enterprise. Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) department is going to provide funding for this Yuva Shree Arpan Scheme. 
CM Mamata Banerjee has announced Yuvashree Arpan Scheme for unemployed youths on 6 March 2019. Around 50,000 youths in the West Bengal state would be benefited from this self employment scheme. The main motto of this scheme to promote entrepreneurship. 
WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme is going to create jobs which will lead to economic growth of the state. As per the official sources, it is expected that the scheme implementation will start from 1st April 2019. 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Yuvashree Arpan Scheme 2019
West Bengal govt. announces to launch WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme 2019 to provide jobs to youths. Under this scheme, around 50,000 youths will get Rs. 1 lakh assistance to start enterprise and MSME department will fund the scheme. The need for such an employment generation scheme was felt during demonetization. CM Mamata Banerjee has tagged demonetisation as a disaster and said that more than 2 crore have already lost their jobs since then. The state govt. has already reduced unemployment by 40%. Bangla is no. 1 in generating employment under MGNREGA and the state govt. is also no. 1 in providing skill development training through Utkarsh Bangla.
WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Application Form
The new scheme namely Yuvashree Arpan has just been announced by the CM Mamata Banerjee. The guidelines, eligibility criteria, application process, selection criteria are yet to be finalized. The state govt. of West Bengal may invite Yuvashree Arpan application forms through the official govt’s website or through a dedicated portal. As soon as the application forms becomes available, we will update it here. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Eligibility Criteria
The general eligibility criteria which may be laid down to avail the Yuvashree Arpan benefits are described below:-

A candidate must be a permanent resident of West Bengal state
Only those youths who are further interested in opening a new business and have new ideas to create self employment for themselves and also employment opportunities for others.
All those youths who are possessing technical degrees from recognized institutes are eligible.
All the ITI pass-outs / diploma holders in the state may also remain eligible.

WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Details
The important features and highlights of WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme are as follows:-


State
West Bengal


Scheme Type
Employment Generation Scheme


Number of Beneficiaries
50,000 youths


Assistance Amount
Rs. 1 lakh


Announced By
CM Mamata Banerjee


WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme 2019 is expected to promote entrepreneurship of the West Bengal. Empowering entrepreneurs is going to create jobs which will led to economic growth.
WB Yuvashree Arpan Scheme Details
WB govt. has already allocated Rs. 500 crore for the project and the implementation of scheme will start from 1st April 2019. All the beneficiaries can start small and medium scale business units and the state MSME & Textile dept. is going to provide assistance.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. invites Manabik Prakalpa Scheme application forms to provide Rs. 1,000 as monthly pension to persons with disabilities (PWDs). People can download the WB Manabik Scheme Form PDF at birbhum.gov.in to apply online for handicapped pension scheme in West Bengal. Manobik scheme was launched in 2018 for disabled persons to benefit around 2 lakh differently abled people. 
On the occasion of International Day of Persons with Disabilities, CM has announced that handicap persons with more than 40% disability can avail this monthly pension of Rs. 1000. The state govt. has allocated a sum of Rs. 250 crore for the successful implementation of Manabik Prakalpa Scheme.
People can check the guidelines in the Manabik Scheme PDF and can also download the application form which may be submitted to the concerned authorities to get entitled to monthly pension benefits.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Manabik Prakalpa Scheme Application Form PDF Download
The International Day of Persons with Disabilities is observed annually by the United Nations since 1992 with an aim to promote the rights and well-being of persons with disabilities in all spheres of society. At this occasion, CM has announced to launch the Manabik Prakalpa Scheme for persons with disabilities (PWDs). All the disabled people can download the Manabik Application Form West Bengal through the link given below:- 

West Bengal Manabik Scheme Application Form PDF
The Manabik Prakalpa Scheme application form will appear as follows:-
WB Manabik Scheme Application Form
Here people can fill all the necessary details including personal details, contact details, disability details and bank account details accurately in the downloaded Manabik Scheme Form.
Candidates must also attach the supporting documents which are as follows:-

Residential Certificate (Self declaration) (Scanned Copy)
Disability Certificate from appropriate authority duly self attested (Scanned Copy)
Income Certificate (Self declaration) (Scanned Copy)
Scanned Copy of Aadhaar (Self attested)
Scanned Copy of Voter ID (Self attested)
Scanned Copy of Ration Card (Self attested)
Scanned Copy of Bank Pass Book (Self attested)



Candidates can also submit the complete application form to the concerned authorities to avail monthly pension benefits.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Manabik Scheme Guidelines for Handicapped Pension
To avail the benefits of handicapped pension scheme in West Bengal, candidates can download the Manabik Scheme guidelines. To download the Manabik Prakalpa Scheme guidelines, click the link given below:-
WB Manabik Scheme Guidelines PDF 
Candidates can check the guidelines to know about the Manabik Scheme eligibility criteria, where to submit the application form, verification and sanction of Manabik pension. The official statement of the CM of West Bengal is shown below:- 

Today is International Day of Persons with Disabilities. In 2018, we launched the ‘Manobik’ scheme, wherein persons with 40% or more disabilities will receive a monthly pension of Rs 1,000. Two lakh people will be benefitted. We have allocated Rs 250 crore for this scheme
— Mamata Banerjee (@MamataOfficial) December 3, 2018

Candidates can also visit the official website birbhum.gov.in to get more details about the Manabik Prakalpa Scheme.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. has launched Swapner Bhor Scheme to provide employment linked training to Kanyashree Prakalpa beneficiaries. Under this scheme, all the K2-level Kanyashree beneficiaries who have crossed the age of 18 years would be given technical training. The state govt. flagship Kanyashree Prakalpa Scheme is now being extended to provide job opportunities to the women.
CM Mamata Banerjee has given the name to Kanyashree Prakalpa and this scheme too to provide job-oriented training to women employable. According to the State Women & Social Welfare Minister, the state govt. will implement this WB Swapner Bhor Scheme too.
The state govt. will provide training to women beneficiaries in collaboration with Technical Education, Training & Skill Development (TET&SD) department.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Swapner Bhor Scheme – Training to Kanyashree Prakalpa Beneficiaries
Now all the girls are proposed to get technical training along-with their studies. This would resolve the problem of getting suitable jobs as per their talent. The state govt. is planning to provide training to girls in 2 categories – technical and mechanical. Each K2 beneficiary can apply online for any one branch, through the official website of Kanyashree Prakalpa. All the K2-level Kanyashree beneficiaries are entitled to get Rs. 25,000 but subject to fulfillment of 2 clauses:-

Firstly girls should remain unmarried till the age of 18 years.
Secondly girls must continue their studies.

After acceptance of the application forms, each applicant would be provided counselling with regard to course contents, benefits and types of job opportunities available. Every course content would be given 300 hours of training. Each trainee would be given a daily stipend of Rs. 50 for WB Swapner Bhor Scheme. Till date, there are around 16 lakh K2 beneficiaries. All the beneficiaries residing in various districts as well as in Kolkata will be provided the training.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Kanyashree Prakalpa Scheme – Background
Kanyashree Prakalpa aims to improve the status and well-being of girls belonging to socio-economically disadvantaged families through Conditional Cash Transfers by:-

To provide incentives to girls to continue their education for a longer period of time. This would enable girls to complete secondary or higher secondary education or equivalent.
To disincentivize marriage till the age of 18 years (legal age of marriage of girls). This will reduce the risks of early pregnancies, risks of maternal and child mortality and to reduce malnutrition.
For financial inclusion and empowerment of adolescent girls. Govt. will transfer the benefits directly into the bank accounts of girls.
Behaviour change communication strategy is adopted to create awareness about the Kanyashree Scheme, promotes adolescent friendly events, competitions and Kanyashree clubs.

This scheme will allow girls to remain in schools and to gain skills and knowledge to make them economically independent.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

WB Bangla Awas Yojana for 8,000 Sanatan Brahmin PriestsApplication Format for WB Hindu Pujari Free Housing SchemeRs. 1,000 Monthly Allowance to Hindu PujarisOpposition Parties Termed it As Poll Gimmik 
In WB Bangla Awas Yojana 2020, West Bengal Government is going to provide Free Houses for Sanatan (Hindu) Brahmin Priests. Around 8,000 poor brahman pujari working in temples (mandirs) will get new homes under the flagship Banglar Awas Yojna housing scheme. In addition to this, a monthly allowance of Rs. 1,000 per month will be provided to hindu priests. Bangla Awas Yojana is a part of the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awas Yojana flagship housing scheme in West Bengal. Govt. will hand over these houses to the people on a specified date which is to be announced soon.
The decision to provide free homes to Sanatan Brahmin Priests under WB Bangla Awas Yojana 2020 was taken ahead of the assembly polls in 2021. The state govt. had earlier provided land to the Sanatan Brahmin sect to set up an academy at Kolaghat. Many priests in this sect are financially weak. So the govt. has decided to help such hindu priests by providing them with an allowance of Rs. 1,000 per month and also free housing under the state government’s housing scheme.
The state govt. of West Bengal will also distribute sanction certificates to beneficiaries on “Banglar Awas Bitaran Divas”.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Bangla Awas Yojana for 8,000 Sanatan Brahmin Priests
On 14 September 2020 (Hindi Diwas), Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has announced to start WB Bangla Gramin Awas Yojana for Sanatan Brahmin Priests. In this scheme, approx. 8,000 hindu pujari would be eligible who can avail free homes under the flagship housing scheme of the state. CM congratulated people on the Hindi Diwas and said that West Bengal government respects all languages and does not have a linguistic bias.
Application Format for WB Hindu Pujari Free Housing Scheme
The application format for WB Hindu Pujari Free Housing Scheme 2020 will remain same as of the previous housing schemes by the state government. People can now download the WB Bangla Awas Yojana for Sanatan Brahmin Priests application form through the link – https://www.wbhousing.gov.in/pages/display/171-format-of-application-form. The WB Santan (Hindu) Brahmin Priest Free Housing Scheme Application Form will appear as shown below:-


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Bangla Awas Yojana Application Format
Rs. 1,000 Monthly Allowance to Hindu Pujaris
The state govt. will also provide monthly allowance of Rs. 1,000 p.m to hindu pujaris in temples. In addition to the monetary help and housing scheme for hindu priests, CM has also announced to setup Hindi Academy and Dalit Sahitya Academy. CM said “I would request all of you not to find any other meaning in this announcement. It is being done to help the Brahmin priests. They will start getting the allowance from next month as it is the Durga Puja season.”
Opposition Parties Termed it As Poll Gimmik 
Recently, BJP President JP Nadda accused that TMC govt. has an Anti Hindu mindset and is pursuing minority appeasement policies. Newly appointed Congress President Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury has also charged the state government with appeasing the minorities. TMC govt. had faced criticism after coming to power in 2011 for announcing monthly allowance for Imams. The state government had then said that it would be provided by the Wakf Board of West Bengal. 
In order to dent the BJP support base among the Hindi-speaking people and the tribal areas of the state, WB govt. also announced the setting up of a Hindi Academy and a Dalit Sahitya Academy.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. is going to launch Fish Meal Scheme in various state offices. Subsequently, poor people will get this subsidized meal at just Rs. 21 under Ekushe Annapurna Yojana. Under this scheme, employees and visitors to govt. offices will get meal consisting of rice, dal, vegetable curry and fish curry. WB govt. is going to implement this scheme from 1 May 2018.
The state govt. has launched this scheme following the lines of “Amma Canteen Scheme” of the Tamil Nadu government. Accordingly, West Bengal State Fishermen’s Cooperative Limited (Benfish) will perform marketing of this scheme.
Fish Meal Scheme is going to realize the dream of providing nutritious food to all the citizens. Moreover, the state govt. will run this scheme on “No Profit, No Loss” basis.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

WB Fish Meal Scheme under Ekushe Annapurna
Below is the complete details and highlights of this scheme:-

Under this scheme, all the employees of government office and visitors will get subsidized nutritious meals at different govt. offices.
The total cost of a single fish meal (one plate) is just Rs. 21 under Ekushe Annapurna Scheme. Accordingly, each plate will consists of rice, dal, vegetable curry and fish curry.
WB govt. will start this scheme from 1 May and WB State Fisherman Cooperative Limited (popularly known as Benfish) will do related marketing of this scheme.
The state govt. wants to extend this scheme to all the district offices. Subsequently on 1 May, govt. will start this scheme at district magistrate offices and then will extend it to other govt. offices.
Every day, thousand of visitors come to the govt. offices for their work. In addition, all of them are not financially capable of purchasing full meal at reasonable prices. So, the primary objective is to provide them with wholesome meal at lower prices.
Benfish will utilize its 100 battery run cars for the transportation of these subsidized meals to various govt. offices.

WB govt. will run this scheme on No Profit, No Loss basis. Moreover, fish which is the most expensive item in the meal whose rates are determined by the state govt. So, WB govt. can also manage any financial loss. This Fish Meal Scheme is an effective scheme to provide nutritious meals to the poor people of the state.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal govt. has started Online Marriage Registration for Couples. Subsequently, candidates can register their marriage online and get marriage certificate instantly. The primary objective is to minimize usage of paper and to ease down the marriage registry procedures including process of getting marriage certificates. Accordingly, this WB Marriage Registration Portal will provide information on the documents required for marriage.
WB govt. has launched an e-registry system to ease down the process of marriage registration. For this reason, govt. is providing training to the Marriage Registrars to handle the online applications made through the new portal / online process.
Moreover, this new system will reduce the marriage registration fees in West Bengal. This procedure will cost less than Rs. 1000 (present rate) for marriage registry in West Bengal.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Online Marriage Registration Procedure
The state govt. has launched a dedicated portal where candidates can register online. Accordingly, both the bride and bridegroom have to fill the application form with Proof of Age (Scanned Copy), Address Proof (Scanned Copy) and other essential documents. 
Afterwards, couples will receive certified copies of their registry as acknowledgement. Moreover, the entire system to get Marriage certificate is transparent, efficient and paperless.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Online Marriage Registration
In the initial phase, WB govt. is providing training to around 200 registrars in order to handle the online requests for marriage registration. Subsequently, the state govt. has launched this e-registry for marriage in various local police station areas of Hoogly and Kolkata districts.
As per the official reports, govt. was planning for this initiative from a long duration. Now, this system is under surveillance to resolve any technical problems in this marriage registration system. 
Note – Although the marriage registrations of couples are going online but the couples are not allowed to fill the application form for online marriage registration from their home. This new software for registry of marriages will remain available at the offices of the Marriage Registrars.
This new online registry of marriage is transparent, efficient and cheaper than the previous system. Furthermore, couples need not have to make unnecessary visits at the office of the Marriage Registrar.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Social Security Yojana is a new scheme introduced by the state government of West Bengal. The scheme would combine 5 old beneficiary schemes running in the state for self employed and people working in the unorganized sector in the state. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee decided to combine the5 old schemes and introduce a single scheme instead during a cabinet meeting.
Social Security Yojana – Highlights
Under the new Social Security Yojana, about 5 crore people would be benefited while about 1 Crore would get direct benefit of the scheme. The five earlier schemes which have been combined to form the new social security scheme are

State Assistance Scheme for Provident Fund for Unorganized Sector
West Bengal Unorganized Sector Workers’ Health Security Scheme
Social Security scheme for Construction Workers
West Bengal Transport Workers Social Security Scheme
West Bengal Bidi Workers Welfare Scheme

At present about 85 Lakh people are being benefited jointly by all the 5 schemes. The state government has spent about Rs. 880 crore between 2011 and 2016 for the implementation of these schemes.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Under the new social security scheme, people from over 46 unorganized sectors would be benefited. These sectors would include bidi workers, book-binding workers, motor mechanics, boatman, and ICDS workers. Self employed workers from about 15 sectors such as jewellery manufacturing would also be included for benefits under the new scheme.
The new Social Security Yojana would provide more benefits to the beneficiaries in comparison to the earlier 5 separate schemes.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


One of the most ambitious scheme of Narendra Modi Government, Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana is all set to be launched in West Bengal on Sunday, 14th August. Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan would launch PMUY LPG scheme in Kolkata to target 1.06 Crore BPL households in the state.
LPG penetration in the state is even less than the national average of 52%, hence the state is the next destination to be covered under the Ujjwala Yojana. Launched on 1st May, the scheme is entitled to provide free LPG connections to women belonging to BPL households as per the Socio Economic Caste Census data of 2011.
To mark the launch of the LPG scheme, Ujjwala melas will be organized at LPG distributorships across the state between 15-17 August for distributing LPG connections to identified beneficiaries.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Three oil marketing companies – IOC, BPCL and HPCL would invest around Rs 540 crore in adding to the bottling capacity to meet the additional demand post PMUY launch in the state. The three companies would add 490 thousand metric tonnes (TMT) per annum to the existing 990 TMT to meet the additional demand.
The government has earmarked Rs. 8000 Crores for distribution of free LPG connections to 5 Crore BPL households across the country.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan – Impact & TargetRashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan – RUSA Fund Allocation 2017-2020Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan – RUSA Components
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) approves to continue Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan till 31 March 2020. RUSA is a centrally sponsored scheme of central government to provide strategic funding to eligible state higher educational institutions. Central RUSA Fund Allocation 2017-20 (ratio 60:40 for general states, 90:10 for special category states and 100% for UTs) will remain norm based and outcome dependent.
RUSA aims to raise the standards of state institutions and also to adopt accreditation as compulsory quality assurance framework. Moreover to bring transformation in state higher education system through creation of institutional structure, promoting autonomy and providing good governance.
RUSA will also lay emphasis on reforms in affiliation, academic & examination system along with availability of quality faculty (teachers) and capacity building programmes. Moreover in the Cabinet Meeting, central govt. has also approved the launch of Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Mission.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan – Impact & Target
The major impact and target areas of RUSA are as follows:-

RUSA targets to raise Gross Enrollment Ratio (GER) of India to 30% by 2020.
RUSA also seeks to enhance the state government spending on higher education.
2nd phase of this higher education scheme aims to create 70 new model degree colleges and 8 new professional colleges. In 10 selected universities and 70 autonomous colleges, govt. wishes to raise the quality and excellence levels. This would be done through providing infrastructural support to around 50 universities and 750 colleges.
New RUSA Proposal will help to improve access, equity and accessibility of higher education. This would be done through academic reforms, governance reforms and affiliation reforms.
Providing opportunities of higher education to socially deprived communities, promotion of women inclusion, minorities, SC / ST / OBC and Person with Disabilities (PWDs).
RUSA will also identify gaps in the education system and fill up these gaps by providing support to State Government efforts.

Furthermore, central govt. wants to promote healthy competition among states for excellence in quality education, research and innovation.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan – RUSA Fund Allocation 2017-2020
For the upcoming 3 years (2017-18 to 2019-20), the financial outlay of the scheme is as follows:-



Item
RUSA Fund Allocation for Next 3 Years


Committed Liabilities (Central Share)
Rs. 2453.54 crore


New RUSA Proposal (Central Share @ 65%)
Rs. 4648.18 crore


Total Share of Central Govt. for 3 Years (2017-18 to 2019-20)
Rs. 7101.72 crore


Total cost of scheme (including share of state for new RUSA proposals)
Rs. 9604.58 crore



RUSA Funding Ratio – Central govt. and State govt. will share the total project cost in public funded institutions in 60:40 ratio in general states, 90:10 for North Eastern States, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand and 100:0 in UTs without Legislature.
Funding will then flow from Central govt. through State govt. / UTs to State Higher Education Council (SHEC) before reaching identified public institutions. The basis of this funding is appraisal of State Higher Education Plans to address issues of equity, access and excellence in higher education.
Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan – RUSA Components
The fund allocation under various components of RUSA are as follows:-


Component
Unit Cost of Component
Physical Targets (2017-20)
Financial Targets (2017-20)


Creation of Universities through up-gradation of existing autonomous colleges
55
3
165


Conversion of Colleges in Cluster and Creation of New Universities
55
3
165


Grant to Universities for Infrastructure Building
20
50
1000


Enhancing Quality and Excellence in various selected State Universities (New)
100
10
1000


Building of New Model Colleges (General)
12
70
840


Upgradation of existing degree colleges to model degree colleges
4
75
300


Building of New Colleges (Professional)
26
8
224


Enhancing Quality and Excellence in various Autonomous colleges (New)
5
70
350


Grant to Colleges for Infrastructure Building Purpose
2
750
1500


Research, innovation and quality improvement
50
20
1000


Equity initiatives (State as Unit)
5
15
75


Facility Recruitment Support (Posts)
0.48
200
96


Faculty Improvement
7
8
56


Institutional Restructuring, Capacity Building and Reforms
3
30
90


National  Higher  Education  Resource   Centre (New)
5
3 years
15


Sub Total


6876


MMER (4%)


275.04


Total


7151.04


State Share


2502.86


Central Share


4648.18


Committed Central Share


2453.54


Total Share of Central Government


7101.72


Total Project Cost


9604.58


To provide better education facilities in all the government institutions, central govt. has decided to continue Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan for the next 3 years.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


West Bengal government is going to launch a new scheme worth around Rs. 700 crore to bring about 50 lakh rural women under Self Help Group (SHG) Scheme. Subsequently, all the women residing in villages (rural areas) will get benefit of training and loans. Accordingly, govt. aims at making WB women self reliant and independent. 
Under this scheme, govt. will provide skill development training and vocational training to rural women. Moreover, govt. will also arrange loans to create self employment. Furthermore, govt. will also promote the products of SHGs through state govt. departments.
WB SHG scheme will result in the overall development of women and will take place in 3 phases.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Self Help Group (SHG) Scheme – 3 Phases
WB govt. will implement this scheme in 3 phases which are as follows:- 

Identification & Training (1st Phase) – In first phase, the state govt. will identify rural women who are not covered under SHG network. After identification process, govt. will provide Skill Development training and its entire cost will be borne by the state co-operation department.
Loans to Rural Women (2nd Phase) – West Bengal govt. is going to provide loans to women in villages. Accordingly, govt. will give interest subsidy on loans from different cooperative banks and cooperative societies. Henceforth, women this get these loans for self employment at low interest rates.
Promotion & Marketing of SHG Products (3rd Phase) – The final phase of this scheme will include promotion and marketing of the products of these SHGs. For this reason, govt. will open SHG outlets and will also create a network of other state govt. departments such as agriculture marketing, food & supplies and small & medium industries department.

Till date, there are around 2 lakh active Self Help Group in West Bengal and around 50 lakh women are associated with it. So, the state govt. wants to increase this number to 1 crore with inclusion of 50 lakh more women. Henceforth, govt. will complete this project of opening 2 lakh more SHG in Bengal in the FY 2018-19. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});






(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

West Bengal Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme Application Form PDFStep to fill WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme Application Form 2020 OnlineList of Documents Required for WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa SchemeEligibility Criteria to Apply for Self Employment Scheme in WB StateMajor Benefits to Karma Sathi Prakalpa BeneficiariesObjective of Karma Sathi Scheme Prakalpa 2020Incentives Under Karma Sathi Prakalpa SchemeKey Features of WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa SchemeHow to Check the Beneficiary list of Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020-21Official Launch of WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020 Background
West Bengal government has launched Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020 for unemployed youths. Under this WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme, the state govt. will provide loans upto Rs. 2 lakh to jobless youth to make them self reliant. In the recent Budget 2020-21, the state govt. has sanctioned Rs. 500 crore to make urban unemployment youths self dependent. Loans are to be given to take up various income generating projects. People can now check apply online process, how to fill online application form, check eligibility and read guidelines.
State Cooperation Department of West Bengal will implement the WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme. Every year, the state govt. will provide soft loans to 1 lakh youths to start their own business and to turn them into entrepreneurs.
From this loan money, youths can provide themselves with self employment opportunity and can become job creators rather than job seekers.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

West Bengal Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme Application Form PDF
Just like loan application forms under various govt. schemes, the state govt. of West Bengal is also inviting Karma Sathi Prakalpa Apply Online Form. The direct link to download Karma Sathi Prakalpa application form PDF is given below:-
https://instapdf.in/karma-sathi-prakalpa-application-form-west-bengal/


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

The WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Application Form PDF will appear as shown below:-
Karma Sathi Prakalpa Application Form PDF
All the interested candidates can download this WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa application form in PDF format and submit it to concerned authorities for approval. WB govt. has already sanctioned Rs. 500 crore to make urban unemployed youths self dependent.
Step to fill WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme Application Form 2020 Online
Here is the complete procedure to apply online for WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020:-
Step 1- Visit the Official Website WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme i.e. https://wb.gov.in/government-schemes.aspxStep 2- On Homepage, Click on “Apply Now” Button and application form page will displayed on screen.Step 3- Now enter the required details (Mention all the details such as name, father/ husband name, date of birth, gender, caste and other information) and upload documents.Step 4- Click on “Submit” Button for final submission of application.
Note: Regarding the application of the scheme, it has been said that the concerned officials should provide information soon. Check the link for more details – https://wbmsme.gov.in/sites/all/themes/anonymous/pdf/SAR_706_Micro_Small_Deptt._No._18011_MSMT.pdf
List of Documents Required for WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme
Here is the list of documents required for the West Bengal Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020:-
Passport Size PhotoAdhaar CardAddress Proof10th or 12th MarksheetEducational certificateVoter ID Card
The applicants must attach these documents with the completed application form to get it approved from the concerned authorities.
Eligibility Criteria to Apply for Self Employment Scheme in WB State
Only those applicants fulfilling the below mentioned criteria will be eligible to apply for self employment scheme:-
Candidates must be a permanent resident of West Bengal.Applicant youth must be unemployed and in search of job.It is only applicable to such jobless candidates who have completed their 10th, 12th in the recognized.
All such willing applicant youth who wish to prosper in their business and needs some money to start off with can apply for this Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme.
Major Benefits to Karma Sathi Prakalpa Beneficiaries
The new employment generation projects will help in ensuring the means of livelihood for the unemployed youths in the urban part of the state. The West Bengal government will provide Rs. 2 lakhs to the jobless candidates to start their business. This scheme will provide financial help and development chance to about 3 lakh youngsters of the state in the coming 3 years.
Objective of Karma Sathi Scheme Prakalpa 2020
The state government conceptualized the new scheme following the instruction of the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. The main purpose of the scheme is to make unemployed youths self-reliant.
A new scheme “Karma Sathi Prakalpa” was launched by Bengal Government. One lakh unemployed youth will be provided soft loans and subsidies to make them self-reliant.The Chief Minister added that the unemployment rate in West Bengal had reduced.When then the unemployment rate in India is at an all-time high of 24%, the unemployment rate in Bengal reduced by 40%.
Under the scheme, the state government has set a target of providing loans to one lakh youths every year. Each beneficiary can avail a loan up to Rs 2 lakh under the scheme. Apart from loans, the government will also provide subsidy for taking up new projects.
Incentives Under Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme
The incentive amount of Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme for the jobless youth is stated here as follows:- 
This scheme has been started by the concerned authority of the state, through which a loan of about 200000 rupees will be provided every year. Till date, 1 lakh beneficiaries have been selected as beneficiaries by the Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme. About 500 crore rupees have been completed by the state government for this scheme.
Key Features of WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme
The salient features of the WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme are as follows:-
Under the Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme in West Bengal state, easy loans will be provided to the youth for self employment. The loans will be provided up to a total amount of Rs. 200000 per candidate.Through the loans provided to the unemployed youth, they will be able to create an environment that will provide them with good jobs and opportunities.WB govt. has already sanctioned Rs. 500 crore to make urban unemployed youths self dependent.The loans will be provided by the state government-owned cooperative banks. 
It is expected that unemployed youths will make the use of this assistance amount to take up small manufacturing activities and will therefore become self-reliant.
How to Check the Beneficiary list of Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020-21
Step 1- Visit the Official Website WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme i.e. https://wb.gov.in/government-schemes.aspx
Step 2- On Homepage, Click on “Beneficiary list of Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme” Button.
Step 3- Beneficiary list will displayed on screen. People can Search Name in beneficiary list.
Official Launch of WB Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme 2020 
The officials of the WB Cooperation department have already started taking necessary steps for proper execution of Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme. The new employment generation projects will help in ensuring the means of livelihood for the unemployed youths in the urban part of the state. At present, there are many scopes present for self employment generation and Karma Sathi Prakalpa will enable youths to take a step ahead in taking up projects to stand on their own feet.
GoWB launches a new scheme ‘Karma Sathi Prakalpa’ for the #youth. 1 lac youth can avail soft loans and other subsidies through this scheme. When the unemployment rate in the country is 24%, an all-time high, Bengal’s unemployment rate has reduced by 40%. #InternationalYouthDay— Banglar Gorbo Mamata (@BanglarGorboMB) August 12, 2020 
As per the proposal, around 3 lakh youths would be brought under Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme over the next 3 years. Each year, West Bengal govt. will provide loans of upto Rs. 2 lakhs to more than 1 lakh youths. Loans would be provided through Co-operative banks. Jobless youths can avail this facility to setup small manufacturing and trading activities.
Background
Mamata Banerjee led West Bengal govt. has taken many initiatives in past 9 years to ensure generation of job opportunities. In addition, such initiatives to provide financial assistance are helping youths to take up their own projects. WB Cooperation dept. is already providing required support to self help groups which helps in improving economy in both rural and urban parts of state. Now the unemployed youths in the urban areas would be benefited with Karma Sathi Prakalpa Scheme.





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: http://www.millenniumpost.in/kolkata/state-govt-sanctions-rs-500-crore-under-karma-sathi-prakalpa-400535
SAVE AS PDF


Central Government has launched a new E-Way Bill Portal to facilitate GST E-Way Bill Registration. Now, all the tax-payers can generate e-way bill online which is essential for the movement of goods across the country. Accordingly, transporters can access the portal and make enrollment through the official website ewaybill.nic.in / ewaybillgst.gov.in
Subsequently, transporters have to make registration every time for transportation of goods worth Rs. 50,000. So, central govt. is going to make this inter state e-way bill compulsory from 1 February 2018. Moreover, govt. will make this inter state and intra state e-way bill compulsory from 1 June 2018. 
Latest Update – Now the Intra State E-Way Bill Roll out is going to take place in 5 states – Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Gujarat, Telangana & Uttar Pradesh – See more details 



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

GoM has announced that the Central govt. is going to implement GST E-way Bill from 1 April 2018. In the 26th cabinet meeting, final decision on the roll-out of GST E-way Bill (inter state) will remain 1 April as per the GST Council decision on 10th March 2018. Make e way bill login at the e way bill system / e way bill portal.
Till now 10 states namely Karnataka, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Kerala, Haryana, Bihar, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Sikkim, Jharkhand have already started using e-way bill through GST Network (GSTN). National Informatics Center (NIC) has developed this portal.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

GST E-Way Bill Online Registration Procedure
Below are the complete details to make online registration:- 

Firstly visit the official website E Way Bill System – ewaybill.nic.in / ewaybillgst.gov.in
Subsequently on the homepage, click the “e-way bill Registration” link present at the right side of the page.
Direct Link – Businesses can directly click this link to make online registration.
The E-Way Bill Registration Form will appear as follows:-
GST E Way Bill Registration Enrollment Transporters
Here candidates have to fill the GSTIN Number, click the captcha and then click the Go option to make online registration.

E Way Bill System Suppliers Recipients Rules
Even the transporters and citizens can make online enrollment and thus can make Login at the official website.
Transporters Enrollment Online Application Procedure
The complete procedure to apply online has been specified below:- 

Firstly visit the official website ewaybill.nic.in
Accordingly, click the “Enrollment for Transporters” link present at the right side of the page.
Direct Link – To make online enrollment, transporters can directly click Enrolment For Transporters
The E-Way Bill Enrollment Form for the Transporters will appear as shown below:-
GST E Way Bill Registration Enrollment Transporters
Accordingly, candidates have to fill the enrollment form along with the complete details.
Finally, candidates have to click the “Submit” button.

E Way Bill System Rules Transporters
This E-Way Bill is based on the motto “One Nation, One Tax, One Market”. VAT Authorities has already issued printed booklet to all the businesses / dealers who are regularly paying taxes. Accordingly, the central govt. is going to make the inter state and intra state e-way bill mandatory from 1 June 2018. 





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF


Dept. of Empowerment of PWDs, Central govt. is working consistently for financial inclusion of diyangjans through various schemes. One of such schemes is Deendayal Disabled Rehabilitation Scheme / revised ddrs scheme 2018-19. Under this scheme, govt. provides financial assistance as per the revised cost norms of ddrs to voluntary organizations. These ddrs grant to NGOs 2018-19 helps in rehabilitation of PWDs in areas of early intervention, special education and community support.
DDRS scheme is now rationalized and financial assistance is also increased substantially. Revised DDRS Scheme is applicable from 1 April 2018. National Handicapped Finance and Development Corporation (NHFDC) is providing loan @ 4% to start employment scheme under Deendayal Disabled Rehabilitation Scheme (DDRS).
As per the SECC-2011 data, there are around 2.68 divyangjan in the country which accounts to 2.21% of total population. So, there is a need to empower all the PWDs for the growth of nation.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Revised Deendayal Disabled Rehabilitation Scheme – DDRS 2018
The revisions made in the DDRS Scheme are as follows:-

Govt. will now provide financial assistance under the following model projects:-

Pre-School and Early Intervention and Training.
Special Schools for Person with Intellectual, Hearing, Speech and Visual Disabilities.
Projects for children suffering from cerebral palsy.
Rehabilitation Purpose of Leprosy Cured Persons.
Half Way home of Psyco-Social Rehabilitation of treated and controlled mentally ill persons.
Home based rehabilitation and home management.
Community based rehabilitation programmes.
Low Vision Centers.
Human Resource Development.


Total cost including the rates of honorarium of project staff is now increased to 2.5 times the existing rates.
DDRS grant to NGOs / Implementing Agencies is now 90% of the amount as per cost norms of ddrs scheme. However in certain specified areas, NGOs will get 100% amount.
If infrastructure is present, there is no limit on the yearly increase of total number of beneficiaries. See complete Revised Cost Norms of DDRS Scheme 2018 / Guidelines
Govt. will now implement this scheme through e-Anudaan Portal ngograntsje.gov.in
DDRS Scheme Online Application
All the application for revised ddrs scheme 2018-19 are only invited through this portal.
Processing and sending recommendations by the state govt. has been simplified.
For complete details of the schemes, please see – Revised DDRS Scheme 2018-19

Till date, around 44,000 Persons with Disabilities have been trained and learned various skills to get jobs. Now central govt. has revised the target to train 5 lakh PWDs till the end of FY 2018. This is a next step to achieve the target of skilling 25 lakh PWDs till 2022. 


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

For Empowerment of Disabled, central govt. is working in co-ordination with other stakeholders to successfully implement schemes for PWDs. For more details, visit the official website http://disabilityaffairs.gov.in/content/page/ddrs-scheme.php





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

SAVE AS PDF




Table of Contents

pmayg.nic.in – PM Awas Yojana GraminPM Awas Yojana Gramin (PMAY-G) Online Registration 2020Guidelines of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana GraminPMAY-G Guidelines PDFHow to Check Name in PMAY-G Beneficiary New List 2020 or Wait ListPM Awas Yojana Gramin (PMAY-G) Mobile App DownloadPMAY-G Beneficiary Details & Application StatusPMAY-G Home Loan SchemeWhat is Selection Process for PMAY-G BeneficiariesDefinition of Kutcha HousePM Awas Yojana Gramin Helpline Number
pmayg.nic.in – Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin | PMAYG 2020 New List | PM Awas Yojana Gramin | IAY / PMAYG Beneficiary Details
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin is a rural housing scheme and is one of the many flagship schemes launched by Narendra Modi Government in India. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G) was approved by the Narendra Modi Government on 23rd March 2015 in a cabinet meeting. The rural housing scheme will help achieve housing for all by 2022 in Rural areas across the country.
pmayg.nic.in – PM Awas Yojana Gramin
pmayg.nic.in is the new official portal of PM Awas Yojana Gramin. The beneficiary details of IAY/PMAYG can be checked using the PMAYG id at pmayg.nic.in online with an easy to follow procedure.



(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Latest Update – Beneficiaries can check their IAY / PMAYG Beneficiary Details or SECC Family Member details using the link – IAY / PMAYG Beneficiary & SECC Family Member Details. Also, All India Final BPL List 2020 is now available
To address the gap in rural housing and in view of Government’s commitment to provide “Housing for All” by 2022, the scheme of IAY has been re-structured into Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin (PMAY-G) w.e.f. 1st April, 2016. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin is being implemented in rural areas across the country. Number of homes to be constructed under PMAY-G has been increased by 33% from 3 Crore to 4 Crore by the year 2022.


(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

PM Awas Yojana Gramin (PMAY-G) Online Registration 2020
There is no registration procedure for the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin
IMPORTANT NOTE: This registration process is not for the individual users or the candidates who wish to apply but the authorized government officials who will fill the data on the MIS DATA ENTRY Portal.
The complete process to make PMAY Gramin registration is defined in the User Manual. Download PMAY-G Manual and check out the application form here:

Firstly visit the official website at pmayg.nic.in
At the homepage, click at the “Downloads” tab, then user manual and next at “User Manual for PMAY-G Registration link
Direct Link – https://pmayg.nic.in/netiay/Document/PMAYG-Registratio-Manual.pdf
In this PDF file, the PMAY-G Registration Form is shown which appears as below:-
pmayg.nic.in Registration Form 2020
All the applicants can apply online for PM Awas Yojana Gramin in this format only to avail assistance for construction of houses in rural areas.

Guidelines of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin

Government to construct 1 crore pucca (permanent) houses for the rural poor in the next three years.
A total of 4 Crore homes would be constructed under PMAY-G in rural areas across the country by the year 2022.
The scheme is expected to boost job creation in rural areas.
The project will be implemented in a span of three years from 2016-17 to 2018-19 with a budget of Rs. 81,975 crore.
Of the total estimated expenditure, Rs. 60,000 crore will come from budgetary allocations and the remaining through Nabard.
The cost of unit (house) assistance is to be shared between central and state governments in the ratio 60:40 in plain areas and 90:10 for north-eastern and hilly states.
Beneficiaries of the rural houses would be chosen according to data taken from the Socio-Economic Caste Census of 2011
An allowance of Rs. 120,000 in plain areas and Rs. 130,000 in hilly areas will be provided for construction of homes.
The unit size will be enhanced from the existing 20 sq.mt. to up to 25 sq.mt. including a dedicated area for hygienic cooking.
Provision of toilets at Rs. 12000/- and 90/95 days of unskilled wage labour under MGNREGA over and above the unit cost.
Funds will be transferred electronically directly to the account of the beneficiary.
The beneficiary would be facilitated to avail loan of up to 70000 rupees for construction of the house which is optional.
Special Projects to be sanctioned to states based on situational exigencies and special needs.
NEW UPDATE: Home loans up to Rs. 2 Lakh taken in 2017 for maintenance or up-gradation of homes under PM Awas Yojana – Gramin will receive interest subvention of 3%.

The scheme is also expected to generate employment in the rural areas, especially in the construction sector which is currently the 2nd largest employers in India. Check PMAY-G Scheme FAQ’s for more details about the scheme.
PMAY-G Guidelines PDF
The complete PDF of the PMAY-G guidelines can be downloaded from below links in Hindi and English language 
IN ENGLISH: https://pmayg.nic.in/netiay/Uploaded/English_Book_Final.pdf
IN HINDI: https://pmayg.nic.in/netiay/Uploaded/Hindi_book_final.pdf
How to Check Name in PMAY-G Beneficiary New List 2020 or Wait List
People can now check their name in the PMAY-G beneficiary list or wait list of beneficiaries through the link below:-
PMAY-G New Beneficiary List 2020
The entire process to find your name in the list with registration no. or without registration number is mentioned in the link above. Moreover, people can access PMAY-G beneficiary list through official website at pmayg.nic.in.
PM Awas Yojana Gramin (PMAY-G) Mobile App Download
All the applicants of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin can now download PMAY-G mobile app at their smartphones. For android users, people can download PMAY-G App from google play store or iphone (iOS) users can download PMAYG App from apple app store:-
PMAY-G Mobile App Download from Google Play Store (Android)
The direct link to download PMAY-G mobile app from google playstore for android users developed by NIC eGov Mobile Apps is given below:-
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=rural.housing&hl=en
The PMAY Gramin mobile app will appear at the google play store for android phone users as shown in the figure below:-
PMAY Gramin App Download Google Play store Android
This Awas App for PMAY-G beneficiaries is 24 MB in size with current version of 3.7.9 and requires android version of 4.4 and up.
PMAY-G Mobile App Download from Apple App Store (iPhone iOS)
The direct link to download PMAY-G mobile app from apple app store for iPhone iOS users is given below:-
https://apps.apple.com/in/app/awaas-app-%E0%A4%86%E0%A4%B5-%E0%A4%B8-%E0%A4%90%E0%A4%AA/id1297339098?ign-itscg=0176&ign-itsct=1297339098-1297339098&ign-mpt=uo%3D4
The PMAY-G mobile app appearing at the apple app store for iPhone iOS users is as follows:-
PMAY Gramin App Download Apple App Store iPhone
The app has been developed by National Informatics Center with size of 31.9 MB in the category of productivity. The app is compatible with iOS 9.0 or later and is compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. This app is available in English language with an age rating of 4+.
PMAY-G Beneficiary Details & Application Status
The beneficiary of the PM Awas Yojana Gramin can view his/her details such as application status, bank account details, house and site allotted, house sanction details, house status etc on the official website at aawassoft.nic.in. Below is the complete procedure to check the PMAY-G beneficiary details:-

STEP 1: Open the website http://awaassoft.nic.in/netiay/Benificiary.aspx
STEP 2: Once the page is opened as below, enter your PMAY-G registration number in the textbox in the center.
PMAY Gramin Application Status Registration No.

STEP 3: Click the “Submit” button and you will be redirected at the beneficiary details page which will show the following details.
PMAY-G Beneficiary Details

STEP 4: If you do not remember your registration number, you can click the “Advanced Search” button or directly click this link which will lead you to a new page as below
PMAY-G Application Status Advance Search


In the advance search section, you will be required to select your state, district, block, panchayat, scheme name, financial year and then you can select using any of the four parameters including beneficiary name, BPL number, Sanction Order or Father/Husband name.
PMAY-G Home Loan Scheme
Narendra Modi on 31st December 2016 has announced new home loan scheme for PM Awas Yojana – Gramin beneficiaries. Under the new home loan scheme, the beneficiaries will be provided interest subvention of 3% on home loan of up to Rs. 2 Lakh taken in 2017 for new house construction or extension of housing in rural areas.
Find complete details about the PMAYG home loan scheme such as subsidy, interest rates and EMI calculation.
हिंदी में पढ़ें: प्रधान मंत्री आवास योजना – ग्रामीण
What is Selection Process for PMAY-G Beneficiaries
Identification and selection of beneficiaries shall be done by the community through the Gram Sabha, from the SECC 2011 list, based on the housing deficiency and other social deprivation parameters. The government follows a 6 step process to prepare the final list of beneficiaries of PMAY-G. The six steps are as below:
Beneficiary Selection Under PMAY-G
There are 13 automatic exclusion parameters based upon the candidates from the original SECC data list will be removed as follows:

Motorized two/three/four wheeler/ fishing boat
Mechanized three/ four wheeler agricultural equipment
Kisan Credit Card with credit limit of Rs.50,000 or above
Household with any member as a Government employee
Households with non-agricultural enterprises registered with the Government
Any member of the family earning more than Rs.10,000 per month
Paying income tax
Paying professional tax
Own a refrigerator
Own landline phone
Own 2.5 acres or more of irrigated land with at least one irrigation equipment
5 acres or more of irrigated land for two or more crop seasons
Owning at least 7.5 acres of land or more with at least one irrigation equipment

After this, the list of eligible candidates will come out and be categorized into two sub groups. 
Definition of Kutcha House
Houses with kutcha wall – Houses where the material used for wall is Grass/thatch/bamboo or plastic/polythene or mud/unburnt brick or wood or stone not packed with mortar.
Houses with kutcha roof – Houses where the material used for roof is Grass/thatch/bamboo/wood/mud or plastic/polythene or handmade tiles.
The status reports of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G) can be viewed on the official website at http://pmayg.nic.in/netiay/Home.aspx
Under the parent scheme, PM Awas Yojana – Urban, the government aims to develop 20 million homes by the year 2022. The government so far has sanctioned the construction of more than 5 lakh homes under the scheme.
PM Awas Yojana Gramin Helpline Number
Check the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Gramin helpline number here to resolve any queries or grievance:-
Helpline (Toll Free) Number: 1800-11-6446
E-Mail ID: [email protected]
Official Website: pmayg.nic.in





(adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({});

Content Source / Reference Link: pmayg.nic.in
SAVE AS PDF

